url, brand, product_description,Type,Fabric,Wash Care,Fit,Color,SKU,Sleeves,Neck,Length,Style,Package Contents,Material,Product Dimensions,Fabric Details,
http://www.jabong.com/enamor-Yellow-Non-Wired-Non-Padded-Bra-841311.html,Enamor,Include this bra from Enamor in your lingerie collection for its fabulous stripe pattern and appealing yellow colour. This non-padded and non-wired bra will lend you full coverage and proper support all day long. Made from nylon spandex this regular-fit bra is light in weight and skin friendly.,Push Up Bra,NYLON SPANDEX,Machine wash 40 cin gentle cycl do not beach  wash dark colors sep tumple dry cool iron,Regular,Yellow,EN287WA88WODINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/enamor-Multi-Non-Wired-Padded-Bra-841313.html,Enamor,Give your breasts the proper support by wearing this multicoloured bra for women from Enamor. This padded bra will give you the desired figure along with utmost comfort all day long. Moreover the non-wired bra has detachable straps which allow you to wear it with off-shoulder tops and dresses. Made from nylon spandex this regular-fit bra is light in weight and skin friendly.,Push Up Bra,NYLON SPANDEX,Machine wash 40 cin gentle cycl do not beach  wash dark colors sep tumple dry cool iron,Regular,Multi,EN287WA86WOFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/enamor-Red-Padded-Bra-841315.html,Enamor,Include this bra from Enamor in your lingerie collection for its fabulous floral design and appealing red colour. This padded and underwired bra will help you enhance your shape and give your breasts a proper lift. Made from polyester spandex this regular-fit bra is light in weight and skin friendly. It features detachable straps.,Push Up Bra,POLYESTER SPANDEX,Machine wash 40 cin gentle cycl do not beach  wash dark colors sep tumple dry cool iron,Regular,Red,EN287WA84WOHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/enamor-Multi-Panty-841317.html,Enamor,Lend yourself utmost comfort for the entire day by getting this multicoloured panty from Enamor. It promises to keep you at ease no matter what you are wearing over it courtesy its nylon spandex material. The interesting floral prints made over it will convince you to get it for sure.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX,Machine wash 40 cin gentle cycl do not beach  wash dark colors sep tumple dry cool iron,Regular,Multi,EN287WA82WOJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/melange-Cotton-White-Kurta-841517.html,Melange,Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Then go ahead and wearing this white coloured kurtaby Melange. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,Machine wash at 40   C Do not bleachMild IronDo not dry clean Do not tumble dry Line dry in shade  Wash dark color separately,Regular,White,ME147WA82WWBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/melange-Viscose-Red-Kurta-841543.html,Melange,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer when you wear this red coloured kurtaby Melange. The kurtais made from viscose which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Viscose,Machine wash at 40   C Do not bleachMild IronDo not dry clean Do not tumble dry Line dry in shade  Wash dark color separately,Regular,Red,ME147WA56WXBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Grey-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842613.html,Hypno Tex,You just cannot ignore to appreciate the fabulous resham thread embroidery and vibrant lace border on this grey coloured dress material from Hypnotex. This exquisitely designed dress material features unique colour combination that further enhances the overall look of this creation. Get this dress material stitched into a traditional suit set and receive compliments for your classy choice. Moreover the georgette fabric of this dress material ensures high quality and lightweight feel.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Grey,HY172WA86YMFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842615.html,Hypno Tex,Celebrate special occasions in a special way by looking absolutely traditional and classy courtesy this orange coloured dress material from Hypnotex. This dress material is designed keeping in mind the taste and preference of urban women of today. The beautiful patchwork and lace patti border add all the charm to this dress material. Made from net it is light in weight and fine in quality.,,Net,GENTLE WASH,,Orange,HY172WA84YMHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842617.html,Hypno Tex,Celebrate special occasions in a special way by looking absolutely traditional and classy courtesy this green coloured dress material from Hypnotex. This dress material is designed keeping in mind the taste and preference of urban women of today. The beautiful patchwork and lace patti border add all the charm to this dress material. Made from net it is light in weight and fine in quality.,,Net,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA82YMJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842619.html,Hypno Tex,Celebrate special occasions in a special way by looking absolutely traditional and classy courtesy this pink coloured dress material from Hypnotex. This dress material is designed keeping in mind the taste and preference of urban women of today. The beautiful patchwork fine resham thread embroidery and lace patti border add all the charm to this dress material. Made from georgette it is light in weight and fine in quality.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,HY172WA80YMLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842621.html,Hypno Tex,Stun everyone around at the next evening soiree wearing an ethnic outfit stitched from this cream coloured dress material from Hypnotex. Fashioned from georgette this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Exhibiting resham embroidery with stone work this dress material is certainly not to be missed out on.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,HY172WA78YMNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842623.html,Hypno Tex,Stun everyone around at the next evening soiree wearing an ethnic outfit stitched from this green coloured dress material from Hypnotex. Fashioned from net fabric this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Exhibiting resham embroidery with stone work this dress material is certainly not to be missed out on.,,Net,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA76YMPINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842625.html,Hypno Tex,Stun everyone around at the next evening soiree wearing an ethnic outfit stitched from this yellow coloured dress material from Hypnotex. Fashioned from georgette this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Exhibiting resham embroidery with stone work this dress material is certainly not to be missed out on.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Yellow,HY172WA74YMRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Beige-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842627.html,Hypno Tex,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this beige coloured dress material from Hypnotex will not fail to impress you at a single glance. This dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Featuring colourful embroidery on the front and hem this net dress material is a must-buy.,,Net,GENTLE WASH,,Beige,HY172WA72YMTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842629.html,Hypno Tex,If readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this blue coloured dress material from Hypnotex will not fail to impress you at a single glance. This dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Featuring colourful floral embroidery on the front and hem this georgette dress material is a must-buy.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,HY172WA70YMVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842631.html,Hypno Tex,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this yellow coloured dress material from Hypnotex will not fail to impress you at a single glance. This dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Featuring floral embroidery on the front and at the back this georgette dress material is a must-buy.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Yellow,HY172WA68YMXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-And-Georgette-Maroon-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842633.html,Hypno Tex,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this maroon coloured dress material from Hypnotex will not fail to impress you at a single glance. This dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Featuring beautiful embroidery on the front and hem this georgette and net dress material is a must-buy.,,NET AND GEORGETTE,GENTLE WASH,,Maroon,HY172WA66YMZINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Maroon-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842635.html,Hypno Tex,You just cannot ignore to appreciate the fabulous resham thread embroidery and shimmery lace border on this maroon coloured dress material from Hypnotex. This exquisitely designed dress material features stone work that further enhances the overall look of this creation. Get this dress material stitched into a traditional suit set and receive compliments for your classy choice. Moreover the georgette fabric of this dress material ensures high quality and lightweight feel.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Maroon,HY172WA64YNBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842637.html,Hypno Tex,The resham embroidery and stone work on this green coloured dress material from Hypnotex make it unique and a fabulous pick for any occasion. The crochet border further adds a classy touch to this dress material and makes it a fashionable inclusion in your ethnic wardrobe. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch and fine in quality.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA62YNDINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842639.html,Hypno Tex,The resham embroidery and stone work on this cream coloured dress material from Hypnotex make it unique and a fabulous pick for any occasion. The crochet lace border further adds a classy touch to this dress material and makes it a fashionable inclusion in your ethnic wardrobe. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch and fine in quality.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,HY172WA60YNFINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842641.html,Hypno Tex,The resham embroidery and stone work on this pink coloured dress material from Hypnotex make it unique and a fabulous pick for any occasion. The crochet lace border further adds a classy touch to this dress material and makes it a fashionable inclusion in your ethnic wardrobe. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch and fine in quality.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,HY172WA58YNHINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842643.html,Hypno Tex,The embroidered patchwork on the neckline and sleeves makes this dress material look absolutely classy and one of a kind. This peach dress material when stitched into a traditional suit set will certainly redefine your beautiful appearance. Moreover the crochet lace border and stone work make it a fashionable pick. Made from georgette this dress material is light in weight and fine in quality.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,HY172WA56YNJINDFAS,,V Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Beige-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842645.html,Hypno Tex,The embroidered patchwork on the neckline and sleeves makes this dress material from Hypnotex look absolutely classy and one of a kind. This beige coloured dress material when stitched into a traditional suit set will certainly redefine your beautiful appearance. Moreover the crochet lace border and stone work make it a fashionable pick. Made from georgette this dress material is light in weight and fine in quality.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Beige,HY172WA54YNLINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842647.html,Hypno Tex,The embroidered patchwork on the neckline and sleeves makes this dress material from Hypnotex look absolutely classy and one of a kind. This green coloured dress material when stitched into a traditional suit set will certainly redefine your beautiful appearance. Moreover the crochet lace border and stone work make it a fashionable pick. Made from georgette this dress material is light in weight and fine in quality.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA52YNNINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Grey-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842649.html,Hypno Tex,Hypnotex brings this grey coloured dress material which promises to lend you a fabulous appearance when stitched into a classy suit set. This dress material features exquisite resham embroidery fabulous stone work and on-trend crochet lace border which make it unique and a worthy pick. Moreover this dress material is made from fine-quality georgette fabric that makes it light in weight.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Grey,HY172WA50YNPINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842651.html,Hypno Tex,Hypnotex brings this brown coloured dress material which promises to lend you a fabulous appearance when stitched into a classy suit set. This dress material features exquisite resham embroidery fabulous stone work and on-trend crochet lace border which make it unique and a worthy pick. Moreover this dress material is made from fine-quality georgette fabric that makes it light in weight.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,HY172WA48YNRINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842653.html,Hypno Tex,Hypnotex brings this pink coloured dress material which promises to lend you a fabulous appearance when stitched into a classy suit set. This dress material features exquisite resham embroidery fabulous stone work and on-trend crochet lace border which make it unique and a worthy pick. Moreover this dress material is made from fine-quality georgette fabric that makes it light in weight.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,HY172WA46YNTINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Beige-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842655.html,Hypno Tex,You just cannot ignore to appreciate the fabulous resham thread embroidery and fine crochet lace border on this beige coloured dress material from Hypnotex. This exquisitely designed dress material features stone work that further enhances the overall look of this creation. Get this dress material stitched into a traditional suit set and receive compliments for your classy choice. Moreover the georgette fabric of this dress material ensures high quality and lightweight feel.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Beige,HY172WA44YNVINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842657.html,Hypno Tex,Look like a fashionista by wearing an ethnic outfit tailored from this green coloured dress material from Hypnotex. Fashioned from cotton this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. This dress material features an attractive print that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA42YNXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842659.html,Hypno Tex,Look like a fashionista by wearing an ethnic outfit tailored from this green coloured dress material from Hypnotex. Fashioned from cotton this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. This dress material features an attractive print that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA40YNZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842661.html,Hypno Tex,Look like a fashionista by wearing an ethnic outfit tailored from this orange coloured dress material from Hypnotex. Fashioned from cotton this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. This dress material features an attractive print that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Orange,HY172WA38YOBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Multi-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842663.html,Hypno Tex,Look like a fashionista by wearing an ethnic outfit tailored from this multicoloured dress material from Hypnotex. Fashioned from cotton this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. This dress material features an attractive print that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,HY172WA36YODINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842665.html,Hypno Tex,Stylish and classy this cream coloured dress material from Hypnotex is certainly not to be missed out on. Featuring a striking print this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Get this cotton dress material stitched in the way you want and look absolutely graceful.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,HY172WA34YOFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842667.html,Hypno Tex,Stylish and classy this yellow coloured dress material from Hypnotex is certainly not to be missed out on. Featuring a striking print this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Get this cotton dress material stitched in the way you want and look absolutely graceful.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Yellow,HY172WA32YOHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Multi-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842669.html,Hypno Tex,Stylish and classy this multicoloured dress material from Hypnotex is certainly not to be missed out on. Featuring a striking print this dress material includes a top bottoms and a dupatta. Get this cotton dress material stitched in the way you want and look absolutely graceful.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,HY172WA30YOJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842671.html,Hypno Tex,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble stitched from this green coloured dress material from Hypnotex. Including a top bottoms and a dupatta this dress material exhibits a unique print all over. Furthermore this cotton dress material is a must-buy.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA28YOLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Brown-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842673.html,Hypno Tex,Make heads turn with your amazing traditional look by wearing an ensemble tailored from this brown dress material by Hypnotex. This unstitched dress material comprises a kurta dupatta and bottoms. The kurta exhibits a striking print all over and a refined colour scheme for a more feminine feel. Made of breathable cotton fabric this dress material will keep you at ease all day long.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Brown,HY172WA26YONINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842675.html,Hypno Tex,Make heads turn with your amazing traditional look by wearing an ensemble tailored from this blue dress material by Hypnotex. This unstitched dress material comprises a kurta a dupatta and bottoms. The kurta exhibits a striking print all over and a refined colour scheme for a more feminine feel. Made of breathable cotton fabric this dress material will keep you at ease all day long.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,HY172WA24YOPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842677.html,Hypno Tex,Make heads turn with your amazing traditional look by wearing an ensemble tailored from this blue dress material by Hypnotex. This unstitched dress material comprises a kurta a dupatta and bottoms. The kurta exhibits a striking print all over and a refined colour scheme for a more feminine feel. Made of breathable cotton fabric this dress material will keep you at ease all day long.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,HY172WA22YORINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842679.html,Hypno Tex,Look your ethnic best at the upcoming family function by wearing an ensemble tailored from this green dress material set by Hypnotex. Exclusively designed for urban women the kurta in the set displays an amazing print all over and a soothing interplay of different hues. Get it stitched as per your requirement and team it with matching danglers and bangles to look ravishing. This cotton dress material comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA20YOTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842681.html,Hypno Tex,Look your ethnic best at an upcoming family function by wearing an ensemble tailored from this blue dress material by Hypnotex. Exclusively designed for urban women the kurta in the set displays an amazing print all over and a soothing interplay of different hues. Get it stitched as per your requirement and team it with matching danglers and bangles to look ravishing. This cotton dress material comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,HY172WA18YOVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842683.html,Hypno Tex,Look your ethnic best at the upcoming family function by wearing an ensemble tailored from this dress material by Hypnotex. Exhibiting a fabulous interplay of red and green hues the kurta also features a stunning print all over for added attraction. Get it stitched as per your requirement and team it with matching danglers and bangles to look ravishing. This cotton dress material comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Red,HY172WA16YOXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842685.html,Hypno Tex,Cruise around as a sophisticated woman by wearing an ensemble tailored from this dress material set by Hypnotex. Adorned with an interesting print the kurta in the set showcases a fabulous interplay of red green and blue hues. Made from breathable cotton fabric this dress material set comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta. Get it stitched as per the latest trends and team it with matching danglers to look ravishing.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Red,HY172WA14YOZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842687.html,Hypno Tex,Cruise around looking sophisticated wearing an ensemble tailored from this green dress material by Hypnotex. The kurta in the set is beautified with an eye-catching print for a more feminine feel. Made from breathable cotton fabric this dress material comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta. Get it stitched as per the latest trends and team it with matching danglers to look ravishing.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA12YPBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842689.html,Hypno Tex,Cruise around as a sophisticated woman by wearing an ensemble tailored from this red dress material by Hypnotex. Featuring an eye-catching print and a charming interplay of different hues the kurta looks very appealing. Made from breathable cotton fabric this dress material comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta. Get it stitched as per the latest trends and team it with matching danglers to look ravishing.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Red,HY172WA10YPDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842691.html,Hypno Tex,If you love interesting prints then this green dress material set by Hypnotex is just for you. It comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta. The kurta exhibits an eye-catching print all over and a vibrant interplay of different hues for added attraction. Made of fine cotton fabric this dress material also ensures maximum breathability and comfort.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA08YPFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842693.html,Hypno Tex,If you love interesting prints then this green dress material set by Hypnotex will surely appeal to you. It comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta. The kurta exhibits a stunning paisley-floral pattern all over for a more feminine feel. Made of fine cotton fabric this dress material also ensures maximum breathability and comfort.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Green,HY172WA06YPHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cotton-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842695.html,Hypno Tex,If you love interesting prints then this blue dress material set by Hypnotex will surely impress you. It comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta. The kurta exhibits stunning paisley-floral pattern all over for a more feminine feel. Made of fine cotton fabric this dress material also ensures maximum breathability and comfort.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,HY172WA04YPJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Black-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842697.html,Hypno Tex,You will surely steal the attention of every eye when you wear a traditional ensemble tailored from this black dress material set by Hypnotex. Exuding elegance and class the kurta in the set exhibits a mesmerising embroidery-stone work on the bodice sleeves and hem. The lace border further enhances the aesthetic appeal of the kurta. Made of fine georgette fabric this dress material comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Black,HY172WA02YPLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842699.html,Hypno Tex,You will surely steal the attention of every eye when you wear a traditional ensemble tailored from this pink dress material by Hypnotex. The kurta exhibits an eye-catching embroidery-stone work all over for added attraction. Made of soft georgette fabric for maximum comfort this unstitched dress material comprises a kurta bottoms and a matching dupatta.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,HY172WA00YPNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842701.html,Hypno Tex,Accentuate your feminine charm by wearing a traditional ensemble tailored from this cream and red coloured dress material by Hypnotex. An epitome of class this dress material includes a cream coloured kurta red bottoms and a red dupatta. The kurta showcases an eye-catching embroidery work and a beautiful yoke. Made of fine georgette fabric this dress material is also extremely skin friendly.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,HY172WA98YPPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842703.html,Hypno Tex,,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,HY172WA96YPRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842705.html,Hypno Tex,,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,HY172WA94YPTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842707.html,Hypno Tex,,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,HY172WA92YPVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842709.html,Hypno Tex,,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,HY172WA90YPXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842711.html,Hypno Tex,,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Red,HY172WA88YPZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-842713.html,Hypno Tex,Hypnotex presents this blue coloured dress material which will catch your attention instantly. Made of georgette this dress material is skin friendly and long-lasting as well. Accented with zari and stone work this embroidered dress material looks quite appealing.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,HY172WA86YQBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/purys-Black-Solid-Bodycon-Dress-842715.html,Purys,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Purys. Made of premium quality cotton blend this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,COTTON BLEND,machine wash . Cold water with like colors. Non chlorine bleach.,Regular,Black,PU466WA84YQDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/purys-Purple-Solid-Bodycon-Dress-842717.html,Purys,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this purple coloured dress by Purys. Made of premium quality cotton blend this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,COTTON BLEND,machine wash . Cold water with like colors. Non chlorine bleach.,Regular,Purple,PU466WA82YQFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/purys-Brown-Printed-Top-842719.html,Purys,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Purys. Made of premium quality cotton blend this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,machine wash . Cold water with like colors. Non chlorine bleach.,Regular,Brown,PU466WA80YQHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/purys-Purple-Solid-Top-842721.html,Purys,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Purys. Made of premium quality cotton blend this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,machine wash . Cold water with like colors. Non chlorine bleach.,Regular,Purple,PU466WA78YQJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/purys-Purple-Solid-Top-842723.html,Purys,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Purys. Made of premium quality cotton blend this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,machine wash . Cold water with like colors. Non chlorine bleach.,Regular,Purple,PU466WA76YQLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/purys-Grey-Printed-Top-842725.html,Purys,Get in touch with your feminine side when you wear this grey coloured top by Purys. Made from cotton blend this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,machine wash . Cold water with like colors. Non chlorine bleach.,Regular,Grey,PU466WA74YQNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/purys-Grey-Printed-Top-842727.html,Purys,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Purys. Made of premium quality cotton blend this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,machine wash . Cold water with like colors. Non chlorine bleach.,Regular,Grey,PU466WA72YQPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/purys-Black-Printed-Top-842729.html,Purys,Get in touch with your feminine side when you wear this black coloured top by Purys. Made from polyester this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,machine wash . Cold water with like colors. Non chlorine bleach.,Regular,Black,PU466WA70YQRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Purple-Printed-Kurta-842907.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing purple coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Homewash,Regular,Purple,MB786WA92YXNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Beige-Embroidered-Kurta-842909.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing beige coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,Dryclean,Regular,Beige,MB786WA90YXPINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Peach-Embroidered-Kurta-842911.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this peach coloured kurta by MBE. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,Dryclean,Regular,Peach,MB786WA88YXRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Red-Embellished-Anarkali-842913.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing red coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Anarkali,Cotton,Gentlewash,Regular,Red,MB786WA86YXTINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Pink-Printed-Anarkali-842915.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing pink coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Anarkali,Cotton,Gentlewash,Regular,Pink,MB786WA84YXVINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Blue-Printed-Kurta-842917.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing blue coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Homewash,Regular,Blue,MB786WA82YXXINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Green-Embellished-Kurta-842919.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing green coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,Gentlewash,Regular,Green,MB786WA80YXZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Asymmetric,Full Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Peach-Embellished-Kurta-842921.html,MBE,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing peach coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentlewash,Regular,Peach,MB786WA78YYBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Embellished-Kurta-842923.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this black coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentlewash,Regular,Black,MB786WA76YYDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Henley,Full Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Blue-Embellished-Kurta-842925.html,MBE,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing blue coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Blue,MB786WA74YYFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Magenta-Embellished-Kurta-842927.html,MBE,Pull together a chic look wearing this kurtaby MBE. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentlewash,Regular,Magenta,MB786WA72YYHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Orange-Embellished-Kurti-842929.html,MBE,Make the girls go green when you wear this orange coloured kurti by MBE. Made from cotton this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Cotton,Gentlewash,Regular,Orange,MB786WA70YYJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Embroidered-Dress-842931.html,MBE,Lusting after luster wearing white coloured dress by MBE. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Maxi Dresses,Cotton,gentlewash,Regular,White,MB786WA68YYLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Full Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Solid-Shirt-842933.html,MBE,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing white coloured shirt by MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,,Georgette,gentlewash,Regular,White,MB786WA66YYNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Red-Embellished-Kurta-842935.html,MBE,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing red coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentlewash,Regular,Red,MB786WA64YYPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Blue-Solid-Top-842937.html,MBE,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of MBE. Fashioned using crepe this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Crepe,homewash,Regular,Blue,MB786WA62YYRINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Off-White-Printed-Shirt-842939.html,MBE,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this shirt from the house of MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,,Georgette,homewash,Regular,Off White,MB786WA60YYTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Printed-Shirt-842941.html,MBE,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this shirt from the house of MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,,Georgette,homewash,Regular,Black,MB786WA58YYVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Printed-Top-842943.html,MBE,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing black coloured top by MBE.,Kurta,Crepe,Homewash,Regular,Black,MB786WA56YYXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Printed-Kurti-842945.html,MBE,Make the girls go green when you wear this black coloured kurti by MBE. Made from cotton this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Cotton,Homewash,Regular,Black,MB786WA54YYZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Multi-Color-Printed-Top-842947.html,MBE,Double your fashion flair wearing this multicoloured top from the house of MBE. Fashioned using crepe this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Crepe,homewash,Regular,Multi,MB786WA52YZBINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Brown-Printed-Dress-842949.html,MBE,Lusting after luster wearing brown coloured dress by MBE. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Maxi Dresses,Georgette,homewash,Regular,Brown,MB786WA50YZDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Tunics-842951.html,MBE,Lusting after luster wearing black coloured tunic by MBE. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin. This sexy tunic can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,,Georgette,dryclean,Regular,Black,MB786WA48YZFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Green-Printed-Dress-842953.html,MBE,Lusting after luster wearing green coloured dress by MBE. Made from cotton blend fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Maxi Dresses,COTTON BLEND,handwash,Regular,Green,MB786WA46YZHINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Off-White-Solid-Tunic-842955.html,MBE,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this tunic from the house of MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this tunic is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This tunic can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,,Georgette,dryclean,Regular,Off White,MB786WA44YZJINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Embroidered-Shrug-842957.html,MBE,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe wearing this black coloured shrug from the house of MBE. Crafted from breathable cotton it will also keep you fresh and comfortable. This shrug can be worn over a spaghetti top and can be further accessorised with chunky jewellery.,,Cotton,gentlewash,Regular,Black,MB786WA42YZLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Embroidered-Shrug-842959.html,MBE,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe wearing this white coloured shrug from the house of MBE. Crafted from breathable net it will also keep you fresh and comfortable. This shrug can be worn over a spaghetti top and can be further accessorised with chunky jewellery.,,Net,gentlewash,Regular,White,MB786WA40YZNINDFAS,,Asymmetric,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Off-White-Printed-Dress-842961.html,MBE,Pull together a chic look when you wear this off white coloured dress by MBE. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Off White,MB786WA38YZPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Pink-Printed-Anarkali-842963.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing pink coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Anarkali,Cotton,Gentlewash,Regular,Pink,MB786WA36YZRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Multi-Color-Embroidered-Anarkali-842965.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing multicoloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft crepe fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Anarkali,Crepe,Dryclean,Regular,Multi,MB786WA34YZTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-842967.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing yellow coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Handwash,Regular,Yellow,MB786WA32YZVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Asymmetric,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Printed-Top-842969.html,MBE,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Georgette,HOMEWASH,Regular,White,MB786WA30YZXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Purple-Printed-Kurta-842971.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this purple coloured kurta by MBE. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,Homewash,Regular,Purple,MB786WA28YZZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Orange-Printed-Kurta-842973.html,MBE,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing orange coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Handwash,Regular,Orange,MB786WA26ZABINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Printed-Anarkali-842975.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing black coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Anarkali,Georgette,Homewash,Regular,Black,MB786WA24ZADINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Purple-Printed-Anarkali-842977.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing purple coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft rayon fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Anarkali,Rayon,Homewash,Regular,Purple,MB786WA22ZAFINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Gold-Embellished-Kurta-842979.html,MBE,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing golden coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft brocade fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Brocade,Homewash,Regular,Golden,MB786WA20ZAHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Pink-Embroidered-Kurti-842981.html,MBE,Make the girls go green when you wear this pink coloured kurti by MBE. Made from cotton this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Cotton,Homewah,Regular,Pink,MB786WA18ZAJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Pink-Printed-Kurti-842983.html,MBE,Make the girls go green when you wear this pink coloured kurti by MBE. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Cotton,Homewash,Regular,Pink,MB786WA16ZALINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Blue-Printed-Dress-842985.html,MBE,Pull together a chic look when you wear this blue coloured dress by MBE. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,HOMEWASH,Regular,Blue,MB786WA14ZANINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Printed-Dress-842987.html,MBE,Lusting after luster wearing white coloured dress by MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,White,MB786WA12ZAPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Printed-Top-842989.html,MBE,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in black coloured from the house of MBE. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality crepe. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Crepe,HOMEWASH,Regular,Black,MB786WA10ZARINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Asymmetric,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Blue-Embroidered-Shirt-842991.html,MBE,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing blue coloured shirt by MBE. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,,Cotton,GENTLEWASH,Regular,Blue,MB786WA08ZATINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Multi-Printed-T-Shirts-842993.html,MBE,MBE offers this multicoloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton blend this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,GENTLEWASH,Regular,Multi,MB786WA06ZAVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckV Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Multi-Color-Printed-Shirt-842995.html,MBE,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing multicoloured shirt by MBE. Made of premium quality cotton linen this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,,COTTON LINEN,HOMEWASH,Regular,Multi,MB786WA04ZAXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-842997.html,MBE,Pull together a chic look when you wear this multicoloured dress by MBE. Made from crepe fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Shift Dresses,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Multi,MB786WA02ZAZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Printed-Shirt-842999.html,MBE,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing white coloured shirt by MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,,Georgette,HOMEWASH,Regular,White,MB786WA00ZBBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Solid-Kurta-843001.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this white coloured kurta by MBE. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Homewash,Regular,White,MB786WA98ZBDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Grey-Embellished-Top-843003.html,MBE,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in grey coloured from the house of MBE. Fashioned using cotton blend this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Grey,MB786WA96ZBFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Cream-Embroidered-Top-843005.html,MBE,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Georgette,HOMEWASH,Regular,Cream,MB786WA94ZBHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Beige-Solid-Top-843007.html,MBE,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of MBE. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Beige,MB786WA92ZBJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Printed-Dress-843009.html,MBE,Pull together a chic look when you wear this black coloured dress by MBE. Made from crepe fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Crepe,HOMEWASH,Regular,Black,MB786WA90ZBLINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Pink-Solid-Top-843011.html,MBE,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in pink coloured from the house of MBE. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Pink,MB786WA88ZBNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Halter Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Pink-Solid-Dress-843013.html,MBE,Lusting after luster wearing pink coloured dress by MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Pink,MB786WA86ZBPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Peach-Printed-Top-843015.html,MBE,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of MBE. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Peach,MB786WA84ZBRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Embroidered-Top-843017.html,MBE,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in white coloured from the house of MBE. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTEL WASH,Regular,White,MB786WA82ZBTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Printed-Top-843019.html,MBE,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in white coloured from the house of MBE. Fashioned using crepe this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Crepe,GENTLEWASH,Regular,White,MB786WA80ZBVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Embroidered-Top-843021.html,MBE,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of MBE. Made of premium quality georgette this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Georgette,GENTLEWASH,Regular,Black,MB786WA78ZBXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Beige-Printed-Top-843023.html,MBE,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in beige coloured from the house of MBE. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Georgette,HOMEWASH,Regular,Beige,MB786WA76ZBZINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Black-Printed-Dress-843025.html,MBE,Pull together a chic look when you wear this black coloured dress by MBE. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Black,MB786WA74ZCBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Maroon-Embellished-Dress-843027.html,MBE,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this maroon coloured dress by MBE. Made from brocade fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Brocade,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Maroon,MB786WA72ZCDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Cowl Neck,Thigh Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-Green-Embellished-Dress-843029.html,MBE,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this green coloured dress by MBE. Made from brocade fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Brocade,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Green,MB786WA70ZCFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Cowl Neck,Thigh Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Printed-Kurta-843031.html,MBE,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this white coloured kurta by MBE. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton blend kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,Gentlewash,Regular,White,MB786WA68ZCHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mbe-White-Strap-With-Lace-Fabric-Dress-843033.html,MBE,Lusting after luster wearing white coloured dress by MBE. Made from net fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Net,GENTLEWASH,Regular,White,MB786WA66ZCJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Full Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Blue-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843035.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed blue coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,UP330WA64ZCLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843037.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed black coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Black,UP330WA62ZCNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Beige-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843039.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed beige coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,UP330WA60ZCPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Beige-Solids-Shawls-843041.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed beige coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,UP330WA58ZCRINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Pink-Solids-Shawls-843043.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed pink coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,UP330WA56ZCTINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Cream-Solids-Shawls-843045.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed cream coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Cream,UP330WA54ZCVINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Pink-Solids-Shawls-843047.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed pink coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,UP330WA52ZCXINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Solids-Shawls-843049.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed black coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Black,UP330WA50ZCZINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-White-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843051.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed white coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,White,UP330WA48ZDBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Pink-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843053.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed pink coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,UP330WA46ZDDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Beige-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843055.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed beige coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,UP330WA44ZDFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843057.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed black coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Black,UP330WA42ZDHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843059.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed black coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Black,UP330WA40ZDJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843061.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed black coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Black,UP330WA38ZDLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Mustard-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843063.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed yellow coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,UP330WA36ZDNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-White-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843067.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed white coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,White,UP330WA32ZDRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-White-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843069.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed white coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,White,UP330WA30ZDTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-White-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843071.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed white coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,White,UP330WA28ZDVINDFAS,,,,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Brown-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843073.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed brown coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,UP330WA26ZDXINDFAS,,,,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Pink-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843075.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed pink coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,UP330WA24ZDZINDFAS,,,,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Brown-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843077.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed brown coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,UP330WA22ZEBINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Brown-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843079.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed beige coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,UP330WA20ZEDINDFAS,,,,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Brown-Checks-Shawls-843081.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed brown coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,UP330WA18ZEFINDFAS,,,,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Blue-Checks-Shawls-843083.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed blue coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,UP330WA16ZEHINDFAS,,,,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Blue-Printed-Shawls-843087.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed blue coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,UP330WA12ZELINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Brown-Printed-Shawls-843089.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed brown coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,UP330WA10ZENINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Maroon-Embroidered-Shawls-843091.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed maroon coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Maroon,UP330WA08ZEPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Brown-Printed-Shawls-843093.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed brown coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,UP330WA06ZERINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Pink-Printed-Shawls-843095.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed pink coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,handwash,,Pink,UP330WA04ZETINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Embroidered-Shawls-843097.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed black coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,handwash,,Black,UP330WA02ZEVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Green-Embroidered-Shawls-843099.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed green coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,handwash,,Green,UP330WA00ZEXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Multi-Printed-Shawls-843101.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed multi coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from polyester this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Polyester,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,UP330WA98ZEZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843103.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed multi coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,UP330WA96ZFBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Navy-Blue-Embroidered-Stoles-843105.html,Uptowngaleria,Castle offers this pretty navy blue coloured stole that is something every fashion-forward woman will be delighted to own. Made from polyester this stole is soft to touch and easy to maintain and thus worth spending on.,Scarves & Stoles,Polyester,handwash,,Navy Blue,UP330WA94ZFDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Pink-Embroidered-Stoles-843107.html,Uptowngaleria,Castle offers this pretty pink coloured stole that is something every fashion-forward woman will be delighted to own. Made from polyester this stole is soft to touch and easy to maintain and thus worth spending on.,Scarves & Stoles,Polyester,handwash,,Pink,UP330WA92ZFFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Red-Embroidered-Stoles-843111.html,Uptowngaleria,Castle offers this pretty red coloured stole that is something every fashion-forward woman will be delighted to own. Made from polyester this stole is soft to touch and easy to maintain and thus worth spending on.,Scarves & Stoles,Polyester,handwash,,Red,UP330WA88ZFJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Printed-Stoles-843115.html,Uptowngaleria,Castle offers this pretty black coloured stole that is something every fashion-forward woman will be delighted to own. Made from polyester this stole is soft to touch and easy to maintain and thus worth spending on.,Scarves & Stoles,Polyester,handwash,,Black,UP330WA84ZFNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Maroon-Printed-Stoles-843117.html,Uptowngaleria,Castle offers this pretty maroon coloured stole that is something every fashion-forward woman will be delighted to own. Made from polyester this stole is soft to touch and easy to maintain and thus worth spending on.,Scarves & Stoles,Polyester,handwash,,Maroon,UP330WA82ZFPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Green-Embroidered-Stoles-843121.html,Uptowngaleria,Castle offers this pretty green coloured stole that is something every fashion-forward woman will be delighted to own. Made from polyester this stole is soft to touch and easy to maintain and thus worth spending on.,Scarves & Stoles,Polyester,handwash,,Green,UP330WA78ZFTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Red-Printed-Shawls-843125.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed red coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Red,UP330WA74ZFXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843127.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed white coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,White,UP330WA72ZFZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Black-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843129.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed black coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Black,UP330WA70ZGBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Multi-Printed-Stoles-843133.html,Uptowngaleria,Castle offers this pretty multi coloured stole that is something every fashion-forward woman will be delighted to own. Made from polyester this stole is soft to touch and easy to maintain and thus worth spending on.,Scarves & Stoles,Polyester,handwash,,Multi,UP330WA66ZGFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Blue-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843135.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed multi coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,UP330WA64ZGHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/uptowngaleria-Mustard-Thread-Jaal-Pashmina-Shawl-843137.html,Uptowngaleria,Accessorise your ethnic wear with this beautifully designed blue coloured shawl from the house of Uptowngaleria. Crafted from wool this shawl will keep you comfortable all day long. The print on the shawl adds to the charm of the wearer. Carry it along with a kurta leggings funky junk jewellery and sandals to look stunning while going out for date with your boyfriend.,Shawls,Wool,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,UP330WA62ZGJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Blue-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843139.html,Pepe Jeans,Embrace blue this winter season to unleash your chic diva look! Go for this blue sweatshirt by Pepe Jeans that exhibits an interesting applique on the front for added attraction. While the simple design takes the classiness of this regular-fit creation to the next level the fine cotton fabric makes it lightweight and skin friendly.,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Blue,PE271WA60ZGLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Green-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843141.html,Pepe Jeans,Embrace green this winter season to unleash your chic diva look! So go for this green sweatshirt by Pepe Jeans that exhibits an interesting applique on the front for added attraction. While the simple design takes the classiness of this creation to the next level the fine cotton fabric makes this regular-fit sweatshirt lightweight and skin friendly.,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Green,PE271WA58ZGNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Red-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843143.html,Pepe Jeans,Embrace red this winter season to unleash your chic diva look! So check out this red sweatshirt by Pepe Jeans that exhibits an interesting applique on the front for added attraction. While the simple design takes the classiness of this creation to the next level the fine cotton fabric makes this regular-fit sweatshirt lightweight and skin friendly.,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Red,PE271WA56ZGPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Black-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843145.html,Pepe Jeans,If simplicity is your mantra then this black sweatshirt by Pepe Jeans will surely impress you. Classy in every sense it will surely put you in the limelight. Team this regular-fit cotton sweatshirt with a pair of skinny-fit denims to stand out from the crowd.,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Black,PE271WA54ZGRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Navy-Blue-Long-Sleeve-Shirt-843147.html,Pepe Jeans,Be the couture queen and set hearts aflutter by wearing this navy blue shirt by Pepe Jeans. Adorned with an interesting print all over it exhibits a striking pattern on the placket for added attraction. Tailored in regular fit from fine modal fabric it also ensures maximum breathability and comfort.,,MODAL,,Regular,Navy Blue,PE271WA52ZGTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Off-White-Long-Sleeve-Top-843149.html,Pepe Jeans,You will certainly become the role model of all fashion lovers when you hit the streets wearing this off-white coloured top from the latest collection of Pepe Jeans. While the eye-catching print all over lends it a vibrant appeal the soothing colour scheme infuses more sophistication into this masterpiece. Team this regular-fit polyester top with a pair of skinny-fit denims to complete your off-duty look.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,,Regular,Off White,PE271WA50ZGVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Blue-Long-Sleeve-Sweater-843151.html,Pepe Jeans,Make heads turn with your cool style this winter by wearing this blue sweater from the latest collection of Pepe Jeans. Featuring an eye-catching design and pattern it will surely lend you a sophisticated look in no time. Tailored in regular fit from a blend of 80% acrylic and 20% wool it will keep you cosy and relaxed all day long.,,80% ACRYLIC 20% WOOL,,Regular,Blue,PE271WA48ZGXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Brown-Long-Sleeve-Sweater-843153.html,Pepe Jeans,Make heads turn with your cool style this winter by wearing this brown sweater from the latest collection of Pepe Jeans. Featuring an eye-catching design and pattern it will surely lend you a sophisticated look in no time. Tailored in regular fit from a blend of 80% acrylic and 20% wool it will keep you cosy and relaxed all day long.,,80% ACRYLIC 20% WOOL,,Regular,Brown,PE271WA46ZGZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Black-Short-Sleeve-T-Shirt-843155.html,Pepe Jeans,You will surely earn all positive reviews from fashion critics when you wear this black T-shirt by Pepe Jeans. Featuring an interesting graphic print on the front it will make you stand out from the crowd. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric it ensures maximum breathability and comfort. Team it with a pair of denims to complete your off-duty look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,,Regular,Black,PE271WA44ZHBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Grey-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843157.html,Pepe Jeans,Go stylish this winter season by wearing this grey sweatshirt from the latest collection of Pepe Jeans. While the striking star print lends a sophisticated look to this regular-fit sweatshirt the fine cotton fabric makes it lightweight. Team it with a pair of skinny-fit denims to stand out from the crowd.,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Grey,PE271WA42ZHDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Blue-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843159.html,Pepe Jeans,Smart women will love to flaunt a new casual look this winter wearing thisT-shirt from Pepe Jeans. Featuring horizontal stripes all over and a round neck this T-shirt will be a stylish addition to your wardrobe. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit T-shirt will help you stay relaxed all day long.,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Navy Blue,PE271WA40ZHFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Red-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843161.html,Pepe Jeans,Smart women will love to flaunt a new casual look this winter wearing this red coloured T-shirt from Pepe Jeans. Featuring horizontal stripes all over and a round neck this T-shirt will be a stylish addition to your wardrobe. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit T-shirt will help you stay relaxed all day long.,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Red,PE271WA38ZHHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Blue-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843163.html,Pepe Jeans,Pepe Jeans offers this navy blue coloured sweatshirt that will be a stylish pick for urban women. The eye-catching print on the front and a hood make this sweatshirt an amazing pick this winter. This regular-fit sweatshirt is made from 100% cotton that makes it comfortable to wear all day long with a pair of jeans and trendy sneakers.,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Navy Blue,PE271WA36ZHJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-843165.html,Pepe Jeans,Stun your fashion-loving pals with your cool style by wearing this black jacket from the latest collection of Pepe Jeans. Beautified with a striking quilt pattern it exhibits an asymmetric zip closure for a more feminine effect. Made of nylon this regular-fit jacket is also lightweight and durable.,Jackets,nylon,,Regular,Black,PE271WA34ZHLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,ROUND,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Grey-Solid-Winter-Jackets-843167.html,Pepe Jeans,Look sophisticated wearing this grey jacket from the latest collection of Pepe Jeans. Simple and classy in design it exhibits twin zip pockets and contrast coloured trims on the neckline and zip closure. Tailored in regular fit from wool it will keep you cosy and relaxed all day long.,Jackets,Wool,,Regular,Grey,PE271WA32ZHNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Blue-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843169.html,Pepe Jeans,,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Navy Blue,PE271WA30ZHPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pepe-jeans-Red-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843171.html,Pepe Jeans,Pepe Jeans offers this red coloured sweatshirt that will be a stylish pick for urban women. The eye-catching print on the front stud detailing and a hood make this sweatshirt an amazing pick this winter. This regular-fit sweatshirt is made from 100% cotton that makes it comfortable to wear all day long with a pair of jeans and trendy sneakers.,,100% Cotton,,Regular,Red,PE271WA28ZHRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prafful-Purple-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-843425.html,Prafful,To look graceful on traditional occasions this purple coloured dress material from Prafful is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,COTTON BLEND,DRY CLEAN,,Purple,PR133WA74ZRLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Red-Printed-Dress-Material-843607.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this red coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Red,IN101WA92ZYLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843609.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this cream coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Cream,IN101WA90ZYNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843611.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this green coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Green,IN101WA88ZYPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843613.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this red coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Red,IN101WA86ZYRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843615.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this green coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Green,IN101WA84ZYTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843617.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this blue coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Blue,IN101WA82ZYVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843619.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this green coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Silk,Dry Clean,,Green,IN101WA80ZYXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843621.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this black coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Black,IN101WA78ZYZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843623.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this cream coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Cream,IN101WA76ZZBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843625.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this yellow coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Silk,Dry Clean,,Yellow,IN101WA74ZZDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-843627.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this green coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Velvet,Dry Clean,,Green,IN101WA72ZZFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Khaki-Solid-Winter-Jackets-843679.html,Only,Get a stylish winter look by wearing this khaki coloured winter jacket for women from the fashion house of ONLY. Made from polycotton this jacket is a trendy winter wear that has full sleeves and collar. You can team it with your favourite bottoms and boots to look super fashionable.,Jackets,POLYESTER COTTON,dark colours to be washed separately,,Khaki,ON616WA20ABFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Solid-Winter-Jackets-843681.html,Only,Get a stylish winter look by wearing this pink coloured winter jacket for women from the fashion house of ONLY. Made from polycotton this jacket is a trendy winter wear that has full sleeves and collar. You can team it with your favourite bottoms and boots to look super fashionable.,Jackets,POLYESTER COTTON,dark colours to be washed separately,,Pink,ON616WA18ABHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-843683.html,Only,Amp up your style statement this winter with this modish blue coloured jacket from ONLY. Best flaunted with dark denims this jacket offers the best in comfort and warmth too courtesy the polyester fabric.,Jackets,,dark colours to be washed separately,,Blue,ON616WA16ABJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Blue-Jeans-843685.html,Only,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side wearing these light blue coloured jeans by ONLY. Made of 98% cottonand 2% spandex thesejeans will let your skin breathe keeping you comfortable all day long. Wear these with a printed T-shirt to complete your look.,,98% COTTON 2% SPANDEX,dark colours to be washed separately,,Light Blue,ON616WA14ABLINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Brown-Solid-Winter-Jackets-843687.html,Only,Lead the fashion pack this winter by teaming this brown jacket by ONLY with your best casual outfits. Featuring twin side pockets and a zip closure it will surely put you in the limelight. Tailored in slim fit from PU (polyurethane) it will keep you cosy and comfortable all day long.,Jackets,PU,dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Brown,ON616WA12ABNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Grey-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843691.html,Only,Get a stylish winter look by wearing this grey coloured sweatshirt from the fashion house of ONLY. Made from polycotton this full-sleeved sweatshirt has mandarin collar and it is really comfortable to wear. You can pair it with ripped off jeans to look sporty and winter perfect.,,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,ON616WA08ABRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Solid-Trousers-843693.html,Only,Double your fashion flair as you wear thesetrousers from the house of ONLY. Stitched to perfection these trousers will give you a smart look when teamed with a formal pleated shirt.,Chinos,POLYESTER COTTON,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,ON616WA06ABTINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-843695.html,Only,Dial up your fashion quotient this winter with this modish,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA04ABVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-843697.html,Only,Oozing sheer class this black coloured jacket for women from ONLY will hook your interest in it the moment you lay your eyes on it. Made from polyester this slim-fit jacket will hug your body well to lend you an appealing look. Pave your way through this winter wearing this jacket with high waist jeans and boots to catch a lot of eyes.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Black,ON616WA02ABXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Off-White-Short-Sleeve-Top-843699.html,Only,Earn an all-access pass wearing this off white coloured tops from the house of ONLY. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality 100% cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Off White,ON616WA00ABZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Short-Sleeve-Top-843701.html,Only,Make the girls go green when you wear this black coloured topby ONLY. While the black colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,ON616WA98ACBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-843705.html,Only,,Jackets,Polycotton Spandex(Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA94ACFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Long-Sleeve-Sweater-843707.html,Only,Dial up your fashion quotient this winter with this modish black cardigan from ONLY. A perfect pick for casual and semi-casual outings this printed cardigan is comfortable to wear too courtesy its soft acrylic blend fabric.,,ACRYLIC BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA92ACHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Leggings-843709.html,Only,Stylish women would love to own this pair of black coloured leggings from ONLY. Made frompolyesterspandex these stretchable leggings are comfortable and will make you feel at ease at all times. These will offer you a stylish look when you pair them with a chic long top and high heels.,,95%POLYESTER 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA90ACJINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Beige-Printed-Skirts-843711.html,Only,A beige skirt like this one from ONLY is an essential that most stylish women need to wear on certain special occasions like an evening party. This printed straight skirt will provide you with such a stylish fit that you will be at the receiving end of endless complements. Made from 100% cotton it will provide you with utmost comfort the whole time you have it on.,A-line,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Straight,Beige,ON616WA88ACLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Long-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-843713.html,Only,,,POLY VISCOSE ELASTANE,dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA86ACNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Grey-Solid-Trousers-843715.html,Only,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe as you wear thesetrousers in grey colour from the house of ONLY. Made from 98% cotton 2% spandex these stretchable trousers will accentuate your look effortlessly. Designed to perfection these chic trousers are a must-buy!,Chinos,98% COTTON 2% SPANDEX,dark colours to be washed separately,Straight,Grey,ON616WA84ACPINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-843717.html,Only,This winter pep up your Friday look with this ultra modish black jacket from ONLY. The animal print lends this jacket a chic touch while the polyester blend fabric makes it warm and comfortable to wear.,Jackets,Polyester Blend,dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA82ACRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-3-4Th-Sleeve-Sweater-843723.html,Only,Wear this black coloured sweater from ONLY and be ready to get appreciated for your unique dressing style. Featuring a feminine design this sweater will make you look pretty and is a perfect casual wear option. Made from acrylic this sweater is light in weight and comfortable to wear.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA76ACXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Dark-Grey-3-4Th-Sleeve-Sweater-843725.html,Only,Oozing sheer class this dark grey coloured sweater for women from ONLY will hook your interest the moment you lay your eyes on it. Made from acrylic this printed sweater will hug your body well to lend you an appealing look. Pave your way through this winter wearing this sweater over a pair of jeans and boots to catch a lot of eyes.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,,Dark Grey,ON616WA74ACZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Off-White-Short-Sleeve-Top-843731.html,Only,Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Then go ahead and wear this topin off-white colourfrom the house of ONLY. Made of premium quality 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,,Off White,ON616WA68ADFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Short-Sleeve-Top-843733.html,Only,Double your fashion flair as you wear this black coloured top from the house of ONLY. Made of premium quality poly viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,POLY VISCOSE,dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA66ADHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-3-4Th-Sleeve-Dress-843735.html,Only,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness wearing this black coloured dressfrom the house of ONLY. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look. This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Skater Dresses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA64ADJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-3-4Th-Sleeve-Dress-843737.html,Only,Add pizzazz to your look wearing this pink coloured dressfrom the house of ONLY. Made of premium quality 100% polyester this dress is high on comfort. This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Skater Dresses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,,Pink,ON616WA62ADLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Short-Sleeve-T-Shirt-843739.html,Only,Get a unique and fashion forward look by wearing this black coloured T-shirt for women from ONLY. Made from cotton this geometric print T-shirt has half sleeves. You can team it with any solid coloured bottoms and wear a pair of cool shoes to look stylish.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA60ADNINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Long-Sleeve-Shirt-843741.html,Only,Introduce a monochromatic swirl to your winter closet with this shirt from ONLY. Perfect for casual Fridays or off-duty outings this viscose shirt works best with denims or corduroys.,,100% Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,,Black,ON616WA58ADPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Blue-Short-Sleeve-Top-843743.html,Only,Pull together a chic look wearing this blue coloured tops from the house of Only. Made of premium quality polyester cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,POLYESTER COTTON,dark colours to be washed separately,,Blue,ON616WA56ADRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Purple-Short-Sleeve-Top-843745.html,Only,Pull together a chic look as you wear this topfrom the house of ONLY. Made from polyester cotton this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Tank Tops,POLYESTER COTTON,dark colours to be washed separately,,Purple,ON616WA54ADTINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Orange-Sleeveless-Dress-843747.html,Only,Simplify your evening look this winter with the graceful vibrancy of this orange dress from ONLY. Showcasing a classy design this dress offers sheer comfort too courtesy its polyester fabric.,Maxi Dresses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,,Orange,ON616WA52ADVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Off-White-Long-Sleeve-Shirt-843749.html,Only,Look gorgeous like never before by teaming this off-white shirt by ONLY with your best casual trousers. Featuring a simple design and twin patch pockets on the front it will amplify your glamorous look in no time. Made of viscose it is also extremely soft against the skin.,,100% Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,,Off White,ON616WA50ADXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Long-Sleeve-Shirt-843751.html,Only,Make a lasting impression on your colleagues wearing this pink coloured shirt from ONLY to office. This shirt is extremely comfortable to wear courtesy its 100% viscose fabric. You can complement it with a skirt or trousers as per your choice.,,100% Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,,Pink,ON616WA48ADZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Sleeveless-Shirt-843753.html,Only,Smarten up your on-duty vogue with this peppy pink shirt from ONLY. Made from soft viscose fabric this shirt is best worn with stilettos and a pencil skirt.,,100% Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,,Pink,ON616WA46AEBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Sleeveless-Top-843757.html,Only,Take 9-to-5 look to a new level wearing thisblack coloured topby ONLY. While the black colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeveless design will give your look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,100% Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Black,ON616WA42AEFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Long-Sleeve-Top-843759.html,Only,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort as you wear this pink coloured from the house of ONLY. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality 100% polyester. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,,Pink,ON616WA40AEHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Long-Sleeve-Top-843761.html,Only,Pull together a chic look wearing this topfrom the house of ONLY. While the pink colouradds to your feminine charm the full sleeves will give your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,,Pink,ON616WA38AEJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Purple-Short-Sleeve-Top-843765.html,Only,Pull together a chic look wearing this purple coloured topfrom the house of ONLY. Fashioned using 100% polyester this toppwill keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Purple,ON616WA34AENINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Short-Sleeve-T-Shirt-843771.html,Only,A voguish complement to your fun and zesty personality this peppy pink T-shirt from ONLY is certainly a weekend staple. Exclaiming its quirk factor through its eye-catching print this polycotton T-shirt is best played with roll-up denims and low-tops.,Round Neck,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,ON616WA28AETINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Black-3-4Th-Sleeve-Tunic-843797.html,Style Quotient,Look chic and stylishwearing this black coloured tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. Made of premium quality cotton this tunic is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,,Cotton,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Black,ST174WA02AFTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Look chic and stylishwearing this black coloured tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. Made of premium quality cotton this tunic is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-3-4Th-Sleeve-Tunic-843799.html,Style Quotient,Pull together a chic look as you wear this tunic in blue colour from the house of Style Quotient. Fashioned using cotton this tunicwill keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy tunicwill look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA00AFVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Pull together a chic look as you wear this tunic in blue colour from the house of Style Quotient. Fashioned using cotton this tunicwill keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy tunicwill look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Beige-Sleeve-Less-Top-843807.html,Style Quotient,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing this beige coloured topfrom the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality satin fabric. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Satin,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Beige,ST174WA92AGDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing this beige coloured topfrom the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality satin fabric. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Navy-Blue-Sleeve-Less-Top-843809.html,Style Quotient,Make the guys forget the world as you wear this navy blue coloured topfrom the house of Style Quotient. Made of premium quality satin this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Satin,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Navy Blue,ST174WA90AGFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Make the guys forget the world as you wear this navy blue coloured topfrom the house of Style Quotient. Made of premium quality satin this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Green-Sleeve-Less-Top-843811.html,Style Quotient,Add pizzazz to your look wearing green coloured topby Style Quotient. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Green,ST174WA88AGHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Add pizzazz to your look wearing green coloured topby Style Quotient. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Pink-Sleeve-Less-Top-843813.html,Style Quotient,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness as you wear this top in pink colour from the house of Style Quotient. While the pink colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Pink,ST174WA86AGJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Henley,Waist Length,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness as you wear this top in pink colour from the house of Style Quotient. While the pink colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Red-3-4Th-Sleeve-Top-843821.html,Style Quotient,Double your fashion flair as you wear this topin red colour from the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality rayon. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Rayon,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Red,ST174WA78AGRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Double your fashion flair as you wear this topin red colour from the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality rayon. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Green-Sleeve-Less-Top-843823.html,Style Quotient,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness wearing thistopfrom the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly crepe. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Green,ST174WA76AGTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness wearing thistopfrom the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly crepe. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Pink-cap-sleeve-Top-843825.html,Style Quotient,Pink coloured printed tops for women by Style Quotient. Crafted from poly crepe this cap sleeve tops has collar neck. It comes in regular fit.,Blouses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Pink,ST174WA74AGVINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Pink coloured printed tops for women by Style Quotient. Crafted from poly crepe this cap sleeve tops has collar neck. It comes in regular fit.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-Sleeve-Less-Dress-843827.html,Style Quotient,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look.Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA72AGXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look.Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Purple-Sleeve-Less-Dress-843829.html,Style Quotient,Unlock the secret toultimate comfort as you wear this dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. Crafted from poly crepe it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Shift Dresses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Purple,ST174WA70AGZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Unlock the secret toultimate comfort as you wear this dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. Crafted from poly crepe it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-Sleeve-Less-Top-843831.html,Style Quotient,Jet from day to night with ease wearing blue coloured topby Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Georgette,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA68AHBINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Waist Length,Jet from day to night with ease wearing blue coloured topby Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Green-3-4Th-Sleeve-Top-843835.html,Style Quotient,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing this green coloured topfrom the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly crepe. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Green,ST174WA64AHFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing this green coloured topfrom the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly crepe. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Maroon-3-4Th-Sleeve-Top-843837.html,Style Quotient,Update your casual wardrobe this summer as you wear this top in maroon colour from the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly crepe. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Maroon,ST174WA62AHHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Update your casual wardrobe this summer as you wear this top in maroon colour from the house of Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly crepe. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Black-Top-843839.html,Style Quotient,Take 9-to-5 look to a new level as you wear this topfrom the house of Style Quotient. Made of premium quality cotton voile this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton Voile,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Black,ST174WA60AHJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Take 9-to-5 look to a new level as you wear this topfrom the house of Style Quotient. Made of premium quality cotton voile this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Orange-Top-843841.html,Style Quotient,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this topfrom the house of Style Quotient. While the orange colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton Voile,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Orange,ST174WA58AHLINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this topfrom the house of Style Quotient. While the orange colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-Sleeve-Less-Dress-843843.html,Style Quotient,Upgrade your staple look wearing this blue coloured dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look. Club it with platform heels to look astonishingly charming.,Shift Dresses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA56AHNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Upgrade your staple look wearing this blue coloured dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look. Club it with platform heels to look astonishingly charming.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Red-Sleeve-Less-Dress-843845.html,Style Quotient,Get rid of the 'regular' look this season as you wear this dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Red,ST174WA54AHPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Get rid of the 'regular' look this season as you wear this dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Green-Sleeve-Less-Tunic-843847.html,Style Quotient,Stow away your old stuff wearing this green coloured tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. Fashioned using poly crepe this tunicwill keep you at comfort all day long. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Green,ST174WA52AHRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Stow away your old stuff wearing this green coloured tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. Fashioned using poly crepe this tunicwill keep you at comfort all day long. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Yellow-Sleeve-Less-Tunic-843849.html,Style Quotient,Take your casuallook to a new level wearing this yellow coloured tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. Made from poly crepe this tunicwill keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Yellow,ST174WA50AHTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Take your casuallook to a new level wearing this yellow coloured tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. Made from poly crepe this tunicwill keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Black-Sleeve-Less-Tunic-843851.html,Style Quotient,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion as you wear this tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. While the black colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,Polyester,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Black,ST174WA48AHVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion as you wear this tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. While the black colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Purple-Sleeve-Less-Tunic-843853.html,Style Quotient,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style when you wear this purple coloured tunicby Style Quotient. While the purple colour adds to your feminine charm the collar gives your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured leggingsfor a sassy look.,,Polyester,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Purple,ST174WA46AHXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style when you wear this purple coloured tunicby Style Quotient. While the purple colour adds to your feminine charm the collar gives your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured leggingsfor a sassy look.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Black-Sleeve-Less-Dress-843857.html,Style Quotient,Make the guys forget the world wearing this black coloured dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look. Club it with platform heels to look astonishingly charming.,Shift Dresses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Black,ST174WA42AIBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Make the guys forget the world wearing this black coloured dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look. Club it with platform heels to look astonishingly charming.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-Short-Sleeve-Dress-843859.html,Style Quotient,A stylish update on the sartorial look is this dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. This attractive dress is the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look.Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA40AIDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,A stylish update on the sartorial look is this dressfrom the house of Style Quotient. This attractive dress is the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look.Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Black-3-4Th-Sleeve-Tunic-843865.html,Style Quotient,Update your casual wardrobe this summerwearing this black coloured tunicby Style Quotient. Fashioned using cotton blend this tunicwill keep you at comfort all day long. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,COTTON BLEND,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Black,ST174WA34AIJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Update your casual wardrobe this summerwearing this black coloured tunicby Style Quotient. Fashioned using cotton blend this tunicwill keep you at comfort all day long. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-3-4Th-Sleeve-Tunic-843867.html,Style Quotient,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness wearing this blue coloured tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. While the blue colour adds to your feminine charm the fit and cut give your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,,COTTON BLEND,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA32AILINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness wearing this blue coloured tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. While the blue colour adds to your feminine charm the fit and cut give your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Pink-3-4Th-Sleeve-Tunic-843869.html,Style Quotient,Flaunt a nonchalant look wearing pink coloured tunicby Style Quotient. While the pink colour adds to your feminine charm the cut and fit give your overall look some definition. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,,COTTON BLEND,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Pink,ST174WA30AININDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Flaunt a nonchalant look wearing pink coloured tunicby Style Quotient. While the pink colour adds to your feminine charm the cut and fit give your overall look some definition. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Green-Sleeve-Less-Tunic-843871.html,Style Quotient,Stow away your old stuff as you wear this tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. This tunic is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly crepe. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Green,ST174WA28AIPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Stow away your old stuff as you wear this tunicfrom the house of Style Quotient. This tunic is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly crepe. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Purple-Sleeve-Less-Tunic-843873.html,Style Quotient,Make the guys forget the world as you wear this tunicin purple colour from the house of Style Quotient. Made from poly crepe this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Purple,ST174WA26AIRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Make the guys forget the world as you wear this tunicin purple colour from the house of Style Quotient. Made from poly crepe this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Red-Sleeve-Less-Tunic-843875.html,Style Quotient,Keep your look lively when you wear this red coloured tunicby Style Quotient. Made from poly crepe this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Red,ST174WA24AITINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Keep your look lively when you wear this red coloured tunicby Style Quotient. Made from poly crepe this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Pink-3-4Th-Sleeve-Top-843879.html,Style Quotient,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing pink coloured topby Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality rayon. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Rayon,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Pink,ST174WA20AIXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing pink coloured topby Style Quotient. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality rayon. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Multi-Sleeve-Less-Top-843885.html,Style Quotient,,Blouses,Chiffon,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Multi,ST174WA14AJDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Red-Sleeve-Less-Top-843887.html,Style Quotient,Play up girly elements correctly when you wear this topby Style Quotient. Made from chiffon this regular top will keep you comfortable in summers. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Chiffon,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Red,ST174WA12AJFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Play up girly elements correctly when you wear this topby Style Quotient. Made from chiffon this regular top will keep you comfortable in summers. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Purple-Sleeve-Less-Top-843889.html,Style Quotient,Make the guys forget the world wearing purple coloured topby Style Quotient. Fashioned using poly crepe this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Purple,ST174WA10AJHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Make the guys forget the world wearing purple coloured topby Style Quotient. Fashioned using poly crepe this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Red-Sleeve-Less-Top-843891.html,Style Quotient,Update your casual wardrobe this summer wearing this red coloured topby Style Quotient. Made of premium quality poly crepe this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,POLY CREPE,HAND WASH SEPREATLEY,Regular,Red,ST174WA08AJJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Update your casual wardrobe this summer wearing this red coloured topby Style Quotient. Made of premium quality poly crepe this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Green-Printed-Skirts-843893.html,Code 61,Flaunt your enviably-toned legs in style by donning this green skirt by Code 61. While the stunning camouflage print enhances the fashion appeal of this knee-length skirt the cotton spandex fabric makes it skin friendly. Team it with a chic top or a blouse to stand out from the crowd.,A-line,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Green,CO092WA06AJLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Blue-Printed-Skirts-843895.html,Code 61,Flaunt your enviably-toned legs in style by donning this blue skirt by Code 61. Featuring a stunning washed effect and denim finish it also exhibits belt loops and a 4-pocket design. Made of cotton spandex fabric to ensure optimum comfort it will look great when clubbed with a chic top or a blouse.,A-line,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Blue,CO092WA04AJNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Solid-Blue-Jeans-843897.html,Code 61,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear these jeans from the house of Code 61. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Blue,CO092WA02AJPINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Solid-Blue-Jeans-843899.html,Code 61,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear these jeans from the house of Code 61. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Blue,CO092WA00AJRINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Solid-Blue-Jeans-843901.html,Code 61,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear these jeans from the house of Code 61. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Blue,CO092WA98AJTINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Solid-Blue-Jeans-843903.html,Code 61,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear these jeans from the house of Code 61. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Blue,CO092WA96AJVINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Solid-Blue-Jeans-843905.html,Code 61,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear these jeans from the house of Code 61. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Blue,CO092WA94AJXINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Solid-Blue-Jeans-843907.html,Code 61,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear these jeans from the house of Code 61. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Blue,CO092WA92AJZINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Solid-Blue-Jeans-843909.html,Code 61,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear these jeans from the house of Code 61. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Blue,CO092WA90AKBINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/code-61-Solid-Blue-Jumpsuit-843911.html,Code 61,Smartly designed this blue coloured jumpsuit from Code 61 will be a trendy addition to your wardrobe. Made from cotton spandex (stretchable) this jumpsuit is comfortable to wear and will keep you at ease. Pair this regular-fit jumpsuit with heels and look stunning.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Hand Wash Cold Water Dry Naturally Do Not Iron Imprint directly Do not Bleach.,,Blue,CO092WA88AKDINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Yellow-Dupattas-843913.html,Tripti,Every woman wants to own a beautifully designed dupatta. This yellow coloured dupatta from Tripti will surely impress you with its eye-catching print and tassels. Made from silk this dupatta features subtle sheen. It will go well with a matching or contrast coloured kurta and a churidar.,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Yellow,TR310WA86AKFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Purple-Dupattas-843915.html,Tripti,A perfect match for your white coloured kameez is this purple coloured dupatta from Tripti. Beautifully printed this dupatta features tassels on the edges and eye-catching sheen. Made from silk this dupatta is easy to carry.,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,TR310WA84AKHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Blue-Dupattas-843917.html,Tripti,Every woman wants to own a beautifully designed dupatta. This blue coloured dupatta from Tripti will surely impress you with its eye-catching print and tassels. Made from silk this dupatta features subtle sheen. It will go well with a matching or contrast coloured kurta and a churidar.,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,TR310WA82AKJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Purple-Dupattas-843919.html,Tripti,Complete your ethnic ensemble this festive season with this purple dupatta from the house of Tripti. Printed with traditional motifs for a vibrant touch this silk dupatta is soft to touch and easy to wash too.,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,TR310WA80AKLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Red-Dupattas-843921.html,Tripti,Match your favourite white coloured kurta and Patiala salwar with this red coloured dupatta from Tripti to look your ethnic best. Featuring sheen and tassels this dupatta will be a great pick for fashionable women. It is made from silk.,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,TR310WA78AKNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Blue-Dupattas-843923.html,Tripti,Match your favourite white coloured kurta and Patiala salwar with this blue coloured dupatta from Tripti to look your ethnic best. Featuring sheen and tassels this dupatta will be a great pick for fashionable women. It is made from silk.,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,TR310WA76AKPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Black-Dupattas-843925.html,Tripti,Add something stylish to your ethnic wear collection in the form of this black coloured dupatta from Tripti. Featuring block printing and beaded tassels this dupatta will help you make a distinct style statement. Made from cotton this dupatta is easy to carry.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,TR310WA74AKRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cream-Dupattas-843927.html,Tripti,The beautiful print all over and tassels on the edges make this cream coloured dupatta from Tripti a perfect pick to spruce up your ethnic look. Made from cotton this dupatta is lightweight and easy to carry. Team it with a matching or contrast coloured kurta to look perfect.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,TR310WA72AKTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Green-Dupattas-843929.html,Tripti,Beautifully designed this green coloured dupatta from Tripti will certainly add grace to your overall ethnic appearance. This dupatta is made from cotton which makes it light in weight fine in quality and a must-have. The beautiful print further makes it a unique pick.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,TR310WA70AKVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Beige-Dupattas-843931.html,Tripti,Update your ethnic wardrobe with stylish dupattas just like this beige coloured one from Tripti. Designed to impress urban women this cotton dupatta features a mix of polka dots and peacock feather all over. The beaded tassels enhance the overall appeal of this dupatta.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,TR310WA68AKXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Blue-Dupattas-843933.html,Tripti,Complement your latest Patiala suit with this blue dupatta from the latest collection of Tripti. While the tassel detailing gives it a feminine feel the stunning print lends more vibrancy to it. Made of silk it is skin friendly as well.,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,TR310WA66AKZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Rust-Dupattas-843935.html,Tripti,Effortlessly fetch complimenting glances from one and all at the next gala by complementing your ethnic attire with this rust coloured dupatta from Tripti. The silk fabric of this dupatta not only accentuates its elegant appeal but also makes it soft to touch.,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Rust,TR310WA64ALBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cream-Dupattas-843937.html,Tripti,Complete your ethnic ensemble this festive season with this cream coloured dupatta from the house of Tripti. Showcasing an attractive design this silk dupatta is soft to touch and easy to wash too.,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,TR310WA62ALDINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Red-Dupattas-843939.html,Tripti,,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,TR310WA60ALFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Purple-Dupattas-843941.html,Tripti,,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,TR310WA58ALHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Orange-Dupattas-843943.html,Tripti,,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,TR310WA56ALJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Yellow-Dupattas-843945.html,Tripti,,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Yellow,TR310WA54ALLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Magenta-Dupattas-843947.html,Tripti,,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Magenta,TR310WA52ALNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Black-Dupattas-843949.html,Tripti,,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,TR310WA50ALPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Blue-Dupattas-843951.html,Tripti,,,Silk,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,TR310WA48ALRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Red-Dupattas-843953.html,Tripti,Complete your ethnic ensemble this festive season with this red dupatta from the house of Tripti. Printed with traditional motifs for a vibrant touch this cotton dupatta is soft to touch and easy to wash too.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,TR310WA46ALTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Yellow-Dupattas-843955.html,Tripti,,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Yellow,TR310WA44ALVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Multi-Dupattas-843957.html,Tripti,Complete your ethnic look wearing this multicoloured dupatta from the house of Tripti. Made of cotton this dupatta is high on quality and easily washable. Vibrant and visually appealing this dupatta will go well with a white coloured kurta.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,TR310WA42ALXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cotton-Green-Kurta-843959.html,Tripti,Make the girls go green as you wear this kurta from the house of Tripti. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,TR310WA40ALZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cotton-Red-Kurta-843961.html,Tripti,A stylish update on the sartorial look when you wear this kurta by Tripti. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,TR310WA38AMBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cotton-Maroon-Kurta-843963.html,Tripti,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this kurta from the house of Tripti. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,TR310WA36AMDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cotton-Black-Kurta-843965.html,Tripti,Flaunt a nonchalant look wearing this black coloured kurta by Tripti. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,TR310WA34AMFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cotton-Red-Kurta-843967.html,Tripti,Play up girly elements correctly as you wear this kurta from the house of Tripti. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,TR310WA32AMHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cotton-Rust-Kurta-843971.html,Tripti,Keep your look lively wearing this kurta by Tripti. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Rust,TR310WA28AMLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cotton-Green-Kurta-843973.html,Tripti,Try something new that's perfect as this kurtafrom the house of Tripti. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,TR310WA26AMNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tripti-Cotton-Magenta-Kurta-843985.html,Tripti,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer wearing this kurtaby Tripti. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurtasoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Magenta,TR310WA14AMZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Orange-Solid-Shirt-843987.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in orange coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton viscose this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Orange,ID921WA12ANBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Green-Solid-Shirt-843989.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in green coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton viscose this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Green,ID921WA10ANDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Red-Solid-Shirt-843991.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in red coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton viscose this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Red,ID921WA08ANFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Red-Solid-Shirt-843993.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in red coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton viscose this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Red,ID921WA06ANHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Peach-Solid-Shirt-843995.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in peach coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton viscose this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Peach,ID921WA04ANJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Firozi-Solid-Shirt-843997.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in firozi coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton viscose this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Firozi,ID921WA02ANLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Pink-Solid-Shirt-843999.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in pink coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton viscose this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Pink,ID921WA00ANNINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Beige-Solid-Shirt-844001.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in beige coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton viscose this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Beige,ID921WA98ANPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-White-Solid-Shirt-844003.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in white coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton viscose this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,White,ID921WA96ANRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-White-Solid-T-Shirts-844005.html,Identiti,Identity offers this white coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton blend this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,White,ID921WA94ANTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Orange-Solid-T-Shirts-844007.html,Identiti,Identity offers this orange coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton blend this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Orange,ID921WA92ANVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Yellow-Solid-T-Shirts-844009.html,Identiti,Identity offers this yellow coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Yellow,ID921WA90ANXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckCollar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-White-Floral-Kurta-844011.html,Identiti,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this white coloured kurta by Identity. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,White,ID921WA88ANZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Blue-Printed-Kurti-844013.html,Identiti,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurti by Identity. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,Blue,ID921WA86AOBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-White-Printed-Kurta-844015.html,Identiti,,Kurta,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,White,ID921WA84AODINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Blue-Printed-Kurti-844017.html,Identiti,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurti by Identity. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,Blue,ID921WA82AOFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Blue-Floral-Kurta-844019.html,Identiti,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing blue coloured kurta by Identity. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,Blue,ID921WA80AOHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Blue-Solid-Kurti-844021.html,Identiti,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurti by Identity. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton viscose kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,Blue,ID921WA78AOJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Red-Floral-Kurti-844023.html,Identiti,Make the girls go green when you wear this red coloured kurti by Identity. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton viscose kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,Red,ID921WA76AOLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Henley,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Floral-Kurti-844025.html,Identiti,Make the girls go green when you wear this black coloured kurti by Identity. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton viscose kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,Black,ID921WA74AONINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-White-Floral-Kurti-844027.html,Identiti,Make the girls go green when you wear this white coloured kurti by Identity. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton viscose kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Cotton Viscose,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,White,ID921WA72AOPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Printed-Kurti-844029.html,Identiti,Make the girls go green when you wear this black coloured kurti by Identity. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Regular,Black,ID921WA70AORINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Cowl Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Red-Solid-Shirt-844031.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in red coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Red,ID921WA68AOTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Blue-Solid-Top-844033.html,Identiti,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Identity. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Relaxed,Blue,ID921WA66AOVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Pink-Solid-Top-844035.html,Identiti,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Identity. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Pink,ID921WA64AOXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-White-Solid-Top-844037.html,Identiti,Get in touch with your feminine side when you wear this white coloured top by Identity. Made from cotton this slim fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,White,ID921WA62AOZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Purple-Printed-Shirt-844039.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in purple coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Purple,ID921WA60APBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Red-Solid-Shirt-844041.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in red coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Red,ID921WA58APDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Purple-Printed-Shirt-844043.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in purple coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Purple,ID921WA56APFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Printed-Shirt-844045.html,Identiti,Keep your look lively as you wear this shirt in black coloured from the house of Identity. Fashioned using cotton this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Black,ID921WA54APHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Blue-Solid-T-Shirts-844047.html,Identiti,Identity offers this blue coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Blue,ID921WA52APJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-White-Printed-T-Shirts-844049.html,Identiti,Identity offers this white coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,White,ID921WA50APLINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Grey-Printed-T-Shirts-844051.html,Identiti,Identity offers this grey coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton blend this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Grey,ID921WA48APNINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Pink-Printed-T-Shirts-844053.html,Identiti,,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Pink,ID921WA46APPINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Blue-Solid-Jeans-844061.html,Identiti,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side wearing these blue coloured jeans from the house of Identity. Featuring a slim fit these will surely have your style-quotient soaring while the fabric will offer you a comfortable fit. Team them with a white coloured top to complete your casual look.,,Denim,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Blue,ID921WA38APXINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Solid-Jeans-844063.html,Identiti,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side wearing these black coloured jeans from the house of Identity. Featuring a slim fit these will surely have your style-quotient soaring while the fabric will offer you a comfortable fit. Team them with a white coloured top to complete your casual look.,,Denim,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Black,ID921WA36APZINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Beige-Solid-Jeans-844065.html,Identiti,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side wearing these beige coloured jeans from the house of Identity. Featuring a slim fit these will surely have your style-quotient soaring while the fabric will offer you a comfortable fit. Team them with a white coloured top to complete your casual look.,,Denim,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Beige,ID921WA34AQBINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Red-Solid-Jeans-844067.html,Identiti,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side wearing these red coloured jeans from the house of Identity. Featuring a slim fit these will surely have your style-quotient soaring while the fabric will offer you a comfortable fit. Team them with a white coloured top to complete your casual look.,,Denim,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Red,ID921WA32AQDINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Beige-Solid-Jeans-844069.html,Identiti,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side wearing these beige coloured jeans from the house of Identity. Featuring a slim fit these will surely have your style-quotient soaring while the fabric will offer you a comfortable fit. Team them with a white coloured top to complete your casual look.,,Denim,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Beige,ID921WA30AQFINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Solid-T-Shirts-844071.html,Identiti,Identity offers this black coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton blend this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Black,ID921WA28AQHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Blue-Solid-T-Shirts-844073.html,Identiti,Identity offers this blue coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton blend this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Blue,ID921WA26AQJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Printed-Shirt-844075.html,Identiti,,,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Black,ID921WA24AQLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Printed-Top-844077.html,Identiti,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Identity. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Black,ID921WA22AQNINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Printed-Top-844079.html,Identiti,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of Identity. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Black,ID921WA20AQPINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Blue-Printed-Top-844081.html,Identiti,Get in touch with your feminine side when you wear this blue coloured top by Identity. Made from cotton this slim fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Blue,ID921WA18AQRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Solid-T-Shirts-844083.html,Identiti,Identity offers this black coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Black,ID921WA16AQTINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-White-Solid-T-Shirts-844085.html,Identiti,Identity offers this white coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,White,ID921WA14AQVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/identiti-Black-Solid-T-Shirts-844087.html,Identiti,Identity offers this black coloured T-shirt that is a stylish pick for modern women. Made from cotton this slim-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long. Offering you a smart casual look this T-shirt is a must-have in your wardrobe. Wear it with a pair of jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,Cotton,WASH IN COLD WATER,Slim,Black,ID921WA12AQXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Pink-Solid-Camisole-844187.html,Alba,Alba presents this pink coloured camisole which is a perfect blend of style comfort and quality. The cotton spandex material ensures utmost comfort. Ensuring a desired fit this camisole will not only keep you sweat-free but will also let you have a sound sleep.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,AL711WA12AUTINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Blue-Solid-Camisole-844189.html,Alba,Alba presents this blue coloured camisole which is a perfect blend of style comfort and quality. The cotton spandex material ensures utmost comfort. Ensuring a desired fit this camisole will not only keep you sweat-free but will also let you have a sound sleep.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,AL711WA10AUVINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Magenta-Solid-Camisole-844193.html,Alba,Alba presents this magenta coloured camisole which is a perfect blend of style comfort and quality. The cotton spandex material ensures utmost comfort. Ensuring a desired fit this camisole will not only keep you sweat-free but will also let you have a sound sleep.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Magenta,AL711WA06AUZINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Red-Solid-Camisole-844209.html,Alba,Alba presents this red coloured camisole which is a perfect blend of style comfort and quality. The cotton spandex material ensures utmost comfort. Ensuring a desired fit this camisole will not only keep you sweat-free but will also let you have a sound sleep.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Red,AL711WA90AVPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Magenta-Solid-Camisole-844217.html,Alba,Alba offers this magenta coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Magenta,AL711WA82AVXINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Pink-Solid-Camisole-844219.html,Alba,Alba offers this pink coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,AL711WA80AVZINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Red-Solid-Camisole-844221.html,Alba,Alba offers this red coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Red,AL711WA78AWBINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Blue-Solid-Camisole-844223.html,Alba,Alba offers this blue coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,AL711WA76AWDINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Green-Solid-Camisole-844225.html,Alba,Alba offers this green coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Green,AL711WA74AWFINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-White-Solid-Camisole-844229.html,Alba,Alba offers this white coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,White,AL711WA70AWJINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Yellow-Solid-Camisole-844231.html,Alba,Alba offers this yellow coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Yellow,AL711WA68AWLINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Embroidered-Camisole-844273.html,Alba,Alba offers this black coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA26AYBINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Firozi-Embroidered-Camisole-844275.html,Alba,Alba offers this firozi coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Firozi,AL711WA24AYDINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Green-Embroidered-Camisole-844277.html,Alba,Alba offers this green coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Green,AL711WA22AYFINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Magenta-Embroidered-Camisole-844279.html,Alba,Alba offers this magenta coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Magenta,AL711WA20AYHINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Pink-Embroidered-Camisole-844281.html,Alba,Alba offers this pink coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,AL711WA18AYJINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Purple-Embroidered-Camisole-844283.html,Alba,Alba offers this purple coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Purple,AL711WA16AYLINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Red-Embroidered-Camisole-844285.html,Alba,Alba offers this red coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Red,AL711WA14AYNINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Blue-Embroidered-Camisole-844287.html,Alba,Alba offers this blue coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,AL711WA12AYPINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Green-Embroidered-Camisole-844289.html,Alba,Alba offers this green coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Green,AL711WA10AYRINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Beige-Embroidered-Camisole-844291.html,Alba,Alba offers this beige coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Beige,AL711WA08AYTINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-White-Embroidered-Camisole-844293.html,Alba,Alba offers this white coloured camisole that is just what you need to look stylish even in your laid-back mood. Made from cotton spandex this camisole assures excellent fit and high comfort to the wearer.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,White,AL711WA06AYVINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-3-4Th-844297.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these black coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA02AYZINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Firozi-Solid-3-4Th-844299.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these firozi coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Firozi,AL711WA00AZBINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Grey-Solid-3-4Th-844301.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these grey coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Grey,AL711WA98AZDINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Red-Solid-3-4Th-844303.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these red coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Red,AL711WA96AZFINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Magenta-Solid-3-4Th-844305.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these magenta coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Magenta,AL711WA94AZHINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Maroon-Solid-3-4Th-844307.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these maroon coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Maroon,AL711WA92AZJINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Pink-Solid-3-4Th-844309.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these pink coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,AL711WA90AZLINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Purple-Solid-3-4Th-844311.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these purple coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Purple,AL711WA88AZNINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Red-Solid-3-4Th-844313.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these red coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Red,AL711WA86AZPINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Blue-Solid-3-4Th-844315.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these blue coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,AL711WA84AZRINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Green-Solid-3-4Th-844317.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these green coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Green,AL711WA82AZTINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Yellow-Solid-3-4Th-844319.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season when you wear these yellow coloured 3/4ths by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex 3/4ths are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. These 3/4ths will look best when paired with black sandals and a black top.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Yellow,AL711WA80AZVINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Magenta-Solid-Beachwear-844321.html,Alba,If you are planning a beach holiday then dont forget to carry this magenta beachwear set by Alba. Made from cotton spandex (stretchable) fabric this set is durable and skin friendly.,Swimsuit,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Magenta,AL711WA78AZXINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,TWO PIECE SET,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Green-Solid-Beachwear-844327.html,Alba,If you are planning a beach holiday then dont forget to carry this green beachwear set by Alba. Made from cotton spandex (stretchable) fabric this set is durable and skin friendly.,Swimsuit,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Green,AL711WA72BADINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,TWO PIECE SET,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Beachwear-844329.html,Alba,If you are planning a beach holiday then dont forget to carry this black beachwear set by Alba. Made from cotton spandex (stretchable) fabric this set is durable and skin friendly.,Swimsuit,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA70BAFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,NIGHT WEAR SET,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Maroon-Solid-Beachwear-844331.html,Alba,If you are planning a beach holiday then dont forget to carry this maroon beachwear set by Alba. Made from cotton spandex (stretchable) fabric this set is durable and skin friendly.,Swimsuit,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Maroon,AL711WA68BAHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,NIGHT WEAR SET,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Beachwear-844333.html,Alba,If you are planning a beach holiday then dont forget to carry this black beachwear set by Alba. Made from cotton spandex (stretchable) fabric this set is durable and skin friendly.,Swimsuit,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA66BAJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,NIGHT WEAR SET,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Yellow-Solid-Trousers-844335.html,Alba,Add a dash of style to your tiring nights with this pair of pyjamas by Alba. Made from superior quality cotton spandex this pair of pyjamas will provide you the ultimate sleeping experience.,Chinos,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Yellow,AL711WA64BALINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844337.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and pyjamas. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA62BANINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,Solid,Pyjama with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844339.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and pyjamas. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA60BAPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,Solid,Pyjama with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844341.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and pyjamas. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA58BARINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,Solid,Pyjama with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844343.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and pyjamas. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA56BATINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,Solid,Pyjama with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844347.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and pyjamas. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA52BAXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,Solid,Pyjama with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844349.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and pyjamas. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA50BAZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,Solid,Pyjama with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844351.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and pyjamas. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA48BBBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,Solid,Pyjama with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844353.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and pyjamas. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA46BBDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,Solid,Pyjama with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Magenta-Solid-Top-844359.html,Alba,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Alba. Made of premium quality cotton spandex this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Magenta,AL711WA40BBJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-White-Solid-Top-844361.html,Alba,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Alba. Made of premium quality cotton spandex this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,White,AL711WA38BBLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-White-Solid-Top-844363.html,Alba,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Alba. Made of premium quality cotton spandex this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,White,AL711WA36BBNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-White-Solid-Top-844365.html,Alba,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Alba. Made of premium quality cotton spandex this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,White,AL711WA34BBPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-T-Shirt-844369.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this black coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,V Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA30BBTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Firozi-Solid-T-Shirt-844371.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this firozi coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,V Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Firozi,AL711WA28BBVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Grey-Solid-T-Shirt-844373.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this grey coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,V Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Grey,AL711WA26BBXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Magenta-Solid-T-Shirt-844375.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this magenta coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,V Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Magenta,AL711WA24BBZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Pink-Solid-T-Shirt-844377.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this pink coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,V Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,AL711WA22BCBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Red-Solid-T-Shirt-844379.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this red coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,V Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Red,AL711WA20BCDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Blue-Solid-T-Shirt-844381.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,AL711WA18BCFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Green-Solid-T-Shirt-844383.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this green coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Green,AL711WA16BCHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-White-Solid-T-Shirt-844385.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this white coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,White,AL711WA14BCJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Yellow-Solid-T-Shirt-844387.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this yellow coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Yellow,AL711WA12BCLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Firozi-Solid-T-Shirt-844391.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this firozi coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Firozi,AL711WA08BCPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Magenta-Solid-T-Shirt-844393.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this magenta coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Magenta,AL711WA06BCRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Pink-Solid-T-Shirt-844395.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this pink coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,AL711WA04BCTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Red-Solid-T-Shirt-844397.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this red coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Red,AL711WA02BCVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Blue-Solid-T-Shirt-844399.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,AL711WA00BCXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-White-Solid-T-Shirt-844403.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this white coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,V Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,White,AL711WA96BDBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Yellow-Solid-T-Shirt-844405.html,Alba,Make a bold style statement wearing this yellow coloured T-shirt from the house of Alba. Made of cotton spandex this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Yellow,AL711WA94BDDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Short-844407.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season wearing these black coloured short from the house of Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex short are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Be it a spaghetti top or a message T-shirt these will complement both.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA92BDFINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Short-844409.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season wearing these black coloured short from the house of Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex short are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Be it a spaghetti top or a message T-shirt these will complement both.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA90BDHINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Short-844411.html,Alba,Upgrade your staple look wearing shorts by Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex shorts are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Be it a spaghetti top or a message T-shirt these will complement both.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA88BDJINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Short-844413.html,Alba,Nail the style of the season wearing these black coloured short from the house of Alba. Designed with absolute perfection these cotton spandex short are soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Be it a spaghetti top or a message T-shirt these will complement both.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA86BDLINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844415.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and shorts. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA84BDNINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,Yoga shorts with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844419.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and shorts. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA80BDRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,Yoga shorts with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/alba-Black-Solid-Nightwear-844421.html,Alba,If you have been looking for a comfortable yet trendy nightwear then this black coloured nightwear from Alba will surely put an end to your search. This nightwear includes a  T-shirt and shorts. Furthermore this nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Night Suits,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AL711WA78BDTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,Yoga shorts with t-shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/gopeeka-Black-Printed-Saree-844423.html,Gopeeka,Everyone will notice the gorgeous side of your personality as you wear this black coloured saree from Gamini. The beautiful print all over this saree adds to its incredible appeal and makes it a perfect pick for special occasions. Made from cotton this saree is lightweight and easy to drape. This 5.5 m saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Black,GA171WA76BDVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/gopeeka-Black-Printed-Saree-844431.html,Gopeeka,Everyone will notice the gorgeous side of your personality as you wear this black coloured saree from Gamini. The beautiful print all over this saree adds to its incredible appeal and makes it a perfect pick for special occasions. Made from cotton this saree is lightweight and easy to drape. This 5.5 m saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Black,GA171WA68BEDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Black-Printed-Dress-844467.html,Deal Jeans,Look feminine and fashionable by slipping into this black coloured bodycon dress from the house of Deal Jeans. Made from georgette this zig-zag printed monochrome dress is suitable for all body types. You can team it with shoes of your choice to get a complete look.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,MACHINE WASH,Slim,Black,DE725WA32BFNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Black-Printed-Dress-844469.html,Deal Jeans,Look feminine and fashionable by slipping into this black coloured bodycon dress from the house of Deal Jeans. Made from georgette this contemporarily printed monochrome dress is suitable for all body types. You can team it with shoes of your choice to get a complete party look.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,MACHINE WASH,Slim,Black,DE725WA30BFPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Navy-Blue-Printed-Tunic-844471.html,Deal Jeans,,,Georgette,MACHINE WASH,Slim,Navy Blue,DE725WA28BFRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Black-Solid-Dress-844473.html,Deal Jeans,Be a stunner and flaunt your standout style by wearing this black dress by Deal Jeans. Exhibiting lace detailing on the bodice and sleeves it will surely make you a showstopper. Tailored in slim fit from georgette it will complement your curves in the most attractive manner.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,MACHINE WASH,Slim,Black,DE725WA26BFTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Blue-Solid-Dress-844475.html,Deal Jeans,You will surely earn maximum style points from fashion critics when you wear this blue dress by Deal Jeans. Feminine and chic this creation exhibits lace trims and a keyhole detailing at the back. Tailored in slim fit from georgette it will also take you to the world of extreme comfort and softness.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,MACHINE WASH,Slim,Blue,DE725WA24BFVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-White-Printed-Tunic-844479.html,Deal Jeans,,,Georgette,MACHINE WASH,Slim,Beige,DE725WA20BFZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Red-Printed-Tunic-844481.html,Deal Jeans,,,Georgette,MACHINE WASH,Slim,Red,DE725WA18BGBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Black-Solid-Trousers-844483.html,Deal Jeans,Take your Friday look to the next level this season wearing these black trousers from Deal Jeans. Best worn with a trendy top these slim-fit trousers are pure comfort too courtesy the cotton spandex fabric.,Chinos,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),MACHINE WASH,Slim,Black,DE725WA16BGDINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Pink-Solid-Trousers-844487.html,Deal Jeans,Look fashion forward and trendy by wearing these pink coloured trousers for women from Deal Jeans. Made from a blend of cotton and spandex these skinny-fit trousers get along with a lot of tops and these make you look a lot more in shape. You can team these bottoms with a white top to look gorgeous.,Chinos,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),MACHINE WASH,Slim,Pink,DE725WA12BGHINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Khaki-Solid-Trousers-844489.html,Deal Jeans,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear these trousers from the house of Deal Jeans. Designed for fashion-forward women these pants will become one of your favourites this season. Club these with your favourite top and step out looking casual yet classy.,Chinos,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),MACHINE WASH,Slim,Khaki,DE725WA10BGJINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Green-Solid-Trousers-844491.html,Deal Jeans,Look fashion forward and trendy by wearing these green coloured trousers for women from Deal Jeans. Made from a blend of cotton and spandex these skinny-fit trousers get along with a lot of tops and make you look a lot more in shape. You can team these bottoms with a black top to look gorgeous.,Coloured Pants,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),MACHINE WASH,Slim,Green,DE725WA08BGLINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-White-Solid-Trousers-844493.html,Deal Jeans,Look fashion forward and trendy by wearing these white coloured trousers for women from Deal Jeans. Made from a blend of cotton and spandex these skinny-fit trousers get along with a lot of tops and these make you look a lot more in shape. You can team these bottoms with a black top to look gorgeous.,Coloured Pants,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),MACHINE WASH,Slim,White,DE725WA06BGNINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/deal-jeans-Light-Blue-Solid-Jeans-844497.html,Deal Jeans,Take your Friday look to the next level this season wearing these blue jeans from Deal Jeans. Best worn with a trendy top these slim-fit jeans are pure comfort too courtesy the cotton spandex fabric.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),MACHINE WASH,Slim,Light Blue,DE725WA02BGRINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Blue-Jeans-845393.html,Only,Lusting after luster as you wear this jeans from the house of ONLY. Featuring a fit these will surely have your style-quotient soaring while the fabric will offer you a comfortable fit. Team them with a white coloured top to complete your casual look.,,98% COTTON 2% SPANDEX,dark colours to be washed separately,,Blue,ON616WA06CPDINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Navy-3-4Th-Sleeve-Top-845779.html,Smiley World,<p>Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Then go ahead and wear this blue coloured top&nbsp,Blouses,VISCOSE BLEND,MACHINE WASH AT 40'C DO NOT BLEACH MILD IRON DO NOT DRYCLEAN DO NOT TUMBLE DRY FLAT DRY IN SHADE WASH DARK COLOR SEPARATELY,Regular,Blue,SM142WA20DDZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Dark-Grey-Short-Sleeve-Top-845781.html,Smiley World,Nail the style of the season wearing this grey coloured top by Smiley. Made of premium quality 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH AT 40'C DO NOT BLEACH MILD IRON DO NOT DRYCLEAN DO NOT TUMBLE DRY FLAT DRY IN SHADE WASH DARK COLOR SEPARATELY,Regular,Grey,SM142WA18DEBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Pink-Extended-Sleeve-Top-845783.html,Smiley World,Flaunt a nonchalant look as you wear this pink coloured topfrom the house of Smiley. Made of 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH AT 40'C DO NOT BLEACH MILD IRON DO NOT DRYCLEAN DO NOT TUMBLE DRY FLAT DRY IN SHADE WASH DARK COLOR SEPARATELY,Regular,Pink,SM142WA16DEDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Off-White-Short-Sleeve-Top-845785.html,Smiley World,<p>Jet from casual to conservative &amp,Blouses,POLY CREPE,Machine wash at 40o c Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Tumble Dry Wash dark colours separately Flat dry in shade,Regular,Off White,SM142WA14DEFINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-White-Short-Sleeve-Top-845787.html,Smiley World,Make the guys adore your sartorial elegance as you wear this white coloured topfrom the house of Smiley. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality viscose blend. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,VISCOSE BLEND,MACHINE WASH AT 40'C DO NOT BLEACH MILD IRON DO NOT DRYCLEAN DO NOT TUMBLE DRY FLAT DRY IN SHADE WASH DARK COLOR SEPARATELY,Regular,White,SM142WA12DEHINDFAS,Short Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Black-Short-Sleeve-Top-845789.html,Smiley World,Nail the style of the season as you wear this black coloured topfrom the house of Smiley. While the black colour adds to your feminine charm the round neck give your overall look some definition. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,Machine wash at 40o c Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Tumble Dry Wash dark colours separately Flat dry in shade,Regular,Black,SM142WA10DEJINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Black-Cap-Sleeve-Top-845791.html,Smiley World,Make guys forget the world as you wear this black coloured topfrom the house of Smiley. While the black colour adds to your feminine charm the cap sleeves give your overall look some definition. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,Machine wash at 40o c Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Tumble Dry Wash dark colours separately Flat dry in shade,Regular,Black,SM142WA08DELINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Cream-Cap-Sleeve-Top-845793.html,Smiley World,Nail the style of the season as you wear this off-white coloured topfrom the house of Smiley. Made of premium quality cotton blend fabric this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,Machine wash at 40o c Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Tumble Dry Wash dark colours separately Flat dry in shade,Regular,Cream,SM142WA06DENINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Navy-Full-Sleeve-Sweat-Shirts-845795.html,Smiley World,,,100% Cotton,Machine wash at 40o c Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Tumble Dry Wash dark colours separately Flat dry in shade,Regular,Navy Blue,SM142WA04DEPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Pink-Short-Sleeve-Top-845797.html,Smiley World,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort as you wear this pink coloured top from the house of Smiley. Made from viscose blend fabric this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,VISCOSE BLEND,MACHINE WASH AT 40'C DO NOT BLEACH MILD IRON DO NOT DRYCLEAN DO NOT TUMBLE DRY FLAT DRY IN SHADE WASH DARK COLOR SEPARATELY,Regular,Pink,SM142WA02DERINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Off-White-Cap-Sleeve-Top-845799.html,Smiley World,Your savoir fair will be highlighted as you wear this off-white coloured top from the house of Smiley. Made from poly viscose fabric this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY VISCOSE,Machine wash at 40o c Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Tumble Dry Wash dark colours separately Flat dry in shade,Regular,Off White,SM142WA00DETINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/smiley-world-Coral-Cap-Sleeve-Top-845801.html,Smiley World,Update your casual wardrobe this summerwearing this peach coloured top from the house of Smiley. Fashioned using poly linen this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY LINEN,Machine wash at 40o c Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Tumble Dry Wash dark colours separately Flat dry in shade,Regular,Peach,SM142WA98DEVINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Black-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845803.html,Monte Carlo,<p>Be ready to get endless compliments each time you wear this black coloured cardigan from Monte Carlo. This classy cardigan featuring a pretty design will make you look trendy and is a smart pick for casual outings. Made from wool this regular-fit cardigan is light in weight and comfortable to wear all day long.&nbsp,,Wool,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Black,MO514WA96DEXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Navy-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845805.html,Monte Carlo,Look exclusive even in the crowd of fashion elites by wearing this navy blue cardigan by Monte Carlo. Simple and classy in design it exhibits a V-neck and button fastenings. Tailored in regular fit from wool it will keep you cosy and relaxed all day long.,,Wool,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Navy Blue,MO514WA94DEZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Grey-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845813.html,Monte Carlo,Get a trendy winter look with this grey coloured Monte Carlo sweater for women. Made from wool this full-sleeved sweater has a V-neck. You can team it with your casuals to get a super stylish winter look.,,Wool,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Grey,MO514WA86DFHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Maroon-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845815.html,Monte Carlo,<p>Be ready to get endless compliments each time you wear this maroon coloured cardigan from Monte Carlo. This classy cardigan featuring pretty design will make you look trendy and is a smart pick for casual outings. Made from wool this regular-fit cardigan is light in weight and comfortable to wear all day long.&nbsp,,Wool,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Maroon,MO514WA84DFJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Blue-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845817.html,Monte Carlo,Beat the chill in style wearing this blue coloured cardigan for women by Monte Carlo. Featuring a striking print and collar this regular-fit cardigan will be a distinct addition to your winter wardrobe. Complement this wool blend cardigan with jeans and boots for a complete casual look.,,Wool Blend,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Blue,MO514WA82DFLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Light-Brown-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845819.html,Monte Carlo,To acquire an unmatchable look you must get this brown coloured sweater for women from Monte Carlo. This regular-fit printed sweater made from wool blend will lend you an irresistible appeal. Regular in fit it will look very smart on you when you wear it with skinny-fit black coloured trousers and a pair ofstilettos.,,Wool Blend,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Brown,MO514WA80DFNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Black-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845821.html,Monte Carlo,<p>Be ready to get endless compliments each time you wear this black coloured cardigan from Monte Carlo. This classy cardigan featuring a pretty stripe pattern will make you look trendy and is a smart pick for casual outings. Made from cotton this regular-fit cardigan is light in weight and comfortable to wear all day long.&nbsp,,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Black,MO514WA78DFPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Blue-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845823.html,Monte Carlo,Get a trendy winter look with this blue coloured Monte Carlo sweater for women that features beautiful design on its front. Made from cotton this full-sleeved sweater has a V-neck. You can team it with your casuals to get a super stylish winter look.,,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Blue,MO514WA76DFRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Pink-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845825.html,Monte Carlo,Look feminine and stylish by wearing this pink coloured sweater for women from Monte Carlo. Made from cotton this full sleeved sweater features beautiful stripes on front. You can wear it with your casuals to look stylish on daily basis.,,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Pink,MO514WA74DFTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Black-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845827.html,Monte Carlo,Get a trendy winter look with this black coloured sweater for women from Monte Carlothat features a beautiful design on the front. Made from cotton this full-sleeved sweater has a V-neck. You can team it with your casuals to get a super stylish winter look.,,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Black,MO514WA72DFVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Blue-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845829.html,Monte Carlo,Vibrant and visually appealing this blue coloured sweater from the house of Monte Carlo will make you look stunning. Made of cotton this printed sweater ensures total comfort. Featuring regular fit this printed sweater will keep you cosy in winters.,,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Blue,MO514WA70DFXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Light-Brown-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845831.html,Monte Carlo,,,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Brown,MO514WA68DFZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Green-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845835.html,Monte Carlo,,,Wool Blend,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Green,MO514WA64DGDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Dull-Pink-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-845837.html,Monte Carlo,,,Wool Blend,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Pink,MO514WA62DGFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Shawl Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Royal-Blue-Full-Sleeve-Top-845839.html,Monte Carlo,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe as you wear this topfrom the house of Monte Carlo. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Tube Tops,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Blue,MO514WA60DGHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Square neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Green-Full-Sleeve-Top-845841.html,Monte Carlo,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort wearing this green coloured topby Monte Carlo. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured pants for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Green,MO514WA58DGJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Green-Full-Sleeve-Top-845845.html,Monte Carlo,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this green coloured topfrom the house of Monte Carlo. Made from cotton this top will keep you comfortable.Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Green,MO514WA54DGNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Purple-Full-Sleeve-Top-845847.html,Monte Carlo,Stow away your old stuff as you wear this top in purple colour from the house of Monte Carlo. Made from cotton this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured pants for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal hand wash. Use only branded detergent. Don't scrub,Regular,Purple,MO514WA52DGPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-Navy-Blue-Shortsnavy-Blue-Shorts-846251.html,New Look,Increase your glam quotient wearing these navy blue coloured shorts from the house of New Look. Made of cotton spandex these shorts for women are quite comfortable to wear. Featuring regular fit these shorts will look perfect when paired with a white coloured casual shirt.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,NE499WA48DWDINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-Pink-Skirtpink-Skirt-846253.html,New Look,Make a distinct style statement wherever you go flaunting this pink coloured balloon midi skirt from New Look. Fashioned from polyester spandex this regular-fit skirt will keep you at ease all day long. Team this skirt with a top and belly shoes for a stunning look.,Flared,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,NE499WA46DWFINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-New-Look-Green-Check-Meow-T-Shirt-846255.html,New Look,If you are looking for a T-shirt that can keep your comfortable and make you look trendy at the same time then this green creation from New Look is an ideal pick. The interesting print makes it a must-have this season. The cotton fabric and regular fit further make it comfortable to wear and a soft treat for your skin.,Round Neck,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,NE499WA44DWHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Material-846287.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this orange coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Net,Dry Clean,,Orange,IN101WA12DXNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Beige-Embroidered-Dress-Material-846289.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this beige coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,BRASSO,Dry Clean,,Beige,IN101WA10DXPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-846291.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this pink coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Net,Dry Clean,,Pink,IN101WA08DXRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Grey-Embroidered-Dress-Material-846293.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this grey coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Grey,IN101WA06DXTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Embroidered-Dress-Material-846295.html,Inddus,To look graceful on traditional occasions this black coloured dress material from Inddus is a must-have. This dress material is prized for its beautiful colour combination and the attractive print on the top. This dress material is an ideal pick to upgrade your wardrobe for special occasions. It comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Black,IN101WA04DXVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Pink-Solid-Sweater-846719.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with pink sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Pink,MO514WA80EODINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Blue-Solid-Sweater-846721.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with blue sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Blue,MO514WA78EOFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Grey-Solid-Sweater-846725.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with grey sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Grey,MO514WA74EOJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Navy-Blue-Solid-Sweater-846727.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with navy blue sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Navy Blue,MO514WA72EOLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Grey-Solid-Sweater-846729.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with grey sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Grey,MO514WA70EONINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Cream-Solid-Sweater-846731.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with cream sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Cream,MO514WA68EOPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Red-Solid-Sweater-846733.html,Monte Carlo,,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Red,MO514WA66EORINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Purple-Solid-Sweater-846737.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with purple sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Purple,MO514WA62EOVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Grey-Solid-Sweater-846739.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with grey sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Grey,MO514WA60EOXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Maroon-Solid-Sweater-846741.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with maroon sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Maroon,MO514WA58EOZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Blue-Solid-Sweater-846745.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with blue sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Blue,MO514WA54EPDINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Black-Solid-Sweater-846749.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with black sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Black,MO514WA50EPHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Purple-Solid-Sweater-846751.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with purple sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Purple,MO514WA48EPJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Blue-Printed-Sweater-846753.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with blue sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest cotton used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Cotton,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Blue,MO514WA46EPLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Pink-Solid-Sweater-846755.html,Monte Carlo,Turn up the style quotient in the office with pink sweater from Monte Carlo. What makes this piece so special? The finest wool blend used in creating this masterpiece that is warm and cool at the same time. Easy to combine with shirts and T-shirts this designer marvel will add oodles of charm to your personality.,,Wool Blend,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Pink,MO514WA44EPNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/wishful-by-w-Poly-Crepe-White-Kurta-846763.html,Wishful By W,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this white coloured kurtafromWishful By W. Made from poly crepe this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,POLY CREPE,,Regular,White,WI481WA36EPVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Cotton-Viscose-Orange-Kurta-847407.html,W,Nail the style of the season wearing this orange coloured kurtaby W. Made from cotton viscose this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton Viscose,,Regular,Orange,XW574WA92FOPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-847409.html,W,Play up girly elements correctly as you wear this kurtafrom the house of W. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Blue,XW574WA90FORINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Cotton-Peach-Kurta-847411.html,W,Double your fashion flair wearing thispeach coloured kurtaby W. Exclusively designed this kurta in regular fitwill enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Peach,XW574WA88FOTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Poly-Crepe-Black-Flared-847421.html,W,Experiment with your look this season by wearing this black coloured skirt from W. Featuring an appealing print this skirt will certainly lend you a gorgeous appearance and is ideal to be paired with singlet and dupatta. Made from poly crepe this regular-fit skirt is soft to touch and light in weight.,Flared,POLY CREPE,,Regular,Black,XW574WA78FPDINDFAS,,,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Green-Dupattas-847423.html,W,Update your ethnic wear collection by including this beautifully designed dupatta from W. This green coloured dupatta will go well with a wide range of kurtas and leggings. Made from viscose blend this dupatta is light in weight and comfortable to carry all day long.,,VISCOSE BLEND,,Regular,Green,XW574WA76FPFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Pink-Printed-Dupattas-847425.html,W,Update your ethnic wear collection by including this beautifully designed dupatta from W. This pink coloured dupatta will go well with a wide range of kurtas and leggings. Made from cotton this dupatta is light in weight and comfortable to carry all day long.,,Cotton,,Regular,Pink,XW574WA74FPHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Black-Printed-Dupattas-847427.html,W,Update your ethnic wear collection by including this beautifully designed dupatta from W. This black coloured dupatta featuring block print will go well with a wide range of kurtas and leggings. Made from viscose blend this dupatta is light in weight and comfortable to carry all day long.,,VISCOSE BLEND,,Regular,Black,XW574WA72FPJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-White-Printed-Dupattas-847429.html,W,The appealing block print makes this white coloured dupatta a fabulous pick to be paired with solid coloured suit. Made from viscose blend this dupatta from W is soft to touch and light in weight.,,VISCOSE BLEND,,Regular,White,XW574WA70FPLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Viscose-Blue-Kurta-847433.html,W,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe as you wear this kurtafrom the house of W. Exclusively designed this kurta in regular fit will enhance your curves and soft viscose will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Viscose,,Regular,Blue,XW574WA66FPPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-847439.html,Aurelia,Get rid of the 'regular' look this season as you wear this blue coloured kurtafrom the house of Aurelia. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect. It comes with a sleeveless jacket.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Blue,AU626WA60FPVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Orange-Kurta-847441.html,Aurelia,Add pizzazz to your look by wearing this orange coloured kurtaby Aurelia. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of its soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice in attire.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Orange,AU626WA58FPXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Black-Kurta-847443.html,Aurelia,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort when you wear this kurtafrom the house of Aurelia. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. A dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Black,AU626WA56FPZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Asymmetric,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Black-Kurta-847447.html,Aurelia,,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Black,AU626WA52FQDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-847449.html,Aurelia,Keep your look lively wearing blue coloured kurtis & kurtas by Aurelia. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and thesoft cotton fabric will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Blue,AU626WA50FQFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Black-Kurta-847451.html,Aurelia,Double your fashion flair by wearing this black coloured kurtaby Aurelia. Designed to absolute perfection this cotton kurtaare soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice in attire.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Black,AU626WA48FQHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Red-Kurta-847457.html,Aurelia,If versatility is your game then wear thisred colouredkurtaby Aurelia. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Red,AU626WA42FQNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Red-Kurta-847459.html,Aurelia,Add pizzazz to your look when you wear this red colouredkurtaby Aurelia. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Red,AU626WA40FQPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Red-Kurta-847463.html,Aurelia,If versatility is your game try this kurtafrom the house of Aurelia. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of its soft cotton fabric. This attractive kurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Red,AU626WA36FQTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Green-Kurta-847465.html,Aurelia,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this green coloured kurtaby Aurelia. Designed to absolute perfection this cotton kurtais soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractive kurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Green,AU626WA34FQVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Asymmetric,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Cotton-Yellow-Kurta-847467.html,Aurelia,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer as you wear this kurtafrom the house of Aurelia. Designed to absolute perfection this cotton kurtais soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. A dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,Gentle Wash,Regular,Yellow,AU626WA32FQXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Poly-Cotton-Black-Kurta-847473.html,Aurelia,Keep your look lively wearing thiskurtaby Aurelia. Thekurtais made from poly cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,Gentle Wash,Regular,Black,AU626WA26FRDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Poly-Cotton-Grey-Milange-Kurta-847477.html,Aurelia,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion by wearing this grey milange coloured kurtaby Aurelia. This kurtais made from polycotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to its wearer. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,Gentle Wash,Regular,Grey Milange,AU626WA22FRHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Viscose-Blend-Black-Shawl-847479.html,Aurelia,Wrap yourself in the warmth and softness of this black coloured shawl from Aurelia. Fashioned from viscose blend this shawl exhibits a stripe pattern. Stylishly designed this shawl will complement most of your,Shawls,VISCOSE BLEND,Gentle Wash,Regular,Black,AU626WA20FRJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Viscose-Blend-Blue-Shawl-847481.html,Aurelia,Wrap yourself in the warmth and softness of this blue coloured shawl from Aurelia. Fashioned from viscose blend this shawl exhibits a stripe pattern. Stylishly designed this shawl will complement most of your,Shawls,VISCOSE BLEND,Gentle Wash,Regular,Blue,AU626WA18FRLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Viscose-Blend-Green-Shawl-847483.html,Aurelia,Wrap yourself in the warmth and softness of this green coloured shawl from Aurelia. Fashioned from viscose blend this shawl exhibits an attractive pattern on the border. Stylishly designed this shawl will complement most of your,Shawls,VISCOSE BLEND,Gentle Wash,Regular,Green,AU626WA16FRNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Viscose-Blend-Black-Shawl-847485.html,Aurelia,Aurelia presents this black coloured shawl that will be a unique addition to your winter wardrobe. This shawl is soft to touch and will keep you comfortable all day long courtesy viscose blend. Featuring a stripe pattern this shawl will complement most of your ethnic attire.,Shawls,VISCOSE BLEND,Gentle Wash,Regular,Black,AU626WA14FRPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Viscose-Blend-Black-Shawl-847487.html,Aurelia,Aurelia presents this black coloured shawl that will be a unique addition to your winter wardrobe. This shawl is soft to touch and will keep you comfortable all day long courtesy viscose blend. Featuring a striking pattern this shawl will complement most of your ethnic attire.,Shawls,VISCOSE BLEND,Gentle Wash,Regular,Black,AU626WA12FRRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Viscose-Blend-Purple-Shawl-847489.html,Aurelia,Aurelia presents this purple coloured shawl that will be a unique addition to your winter wardrobe. This shawl is soft to touch and will keep you comfortable all day long courtesy its viscose blend fabric. Featuring a striking pattern this shawl will complement most of your ethnic attire.,Shawls,VISCOSE BLEND,Gentle Wash,Regular,Purple,AU626WA10FRTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Viscose-Blend-Green-Shawl-847491.html,Aurelia,Accessorise your ethnic wear with something exclusive like this green coloured shawl from Aurelia. Fashioned from viscose blend this shawl will keep you cosy and is comfortable to carry. Featuring a striking pattern this shawl will be a unique addition to your wardrobe.,Shawls,VISCOSE BLEND,Gentle Wash,Regular,Green,AU626WA08FRVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Viscose-Blend-Green-Shawl-847493.html,Aurelia,Accessorise your ethnic wear with something exclusive like this green coloured shawl from Aurelia. Fashioned from viscose blend this shawl will keep you cosy and is comfortable to carry. Featuring a striking pattern this shawl will be a unique addition to your wardrobe.,Shawls,VISCOSE BLEND,Gentle Wash,Regular,Green,AU626WA06FRXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Viscose-Blend-Orange-Shawl-847495.html,Aurelia,Accessorise your ethnic wear with something exclusive like this orange coloured shawl from Aurelia. Fashioned from viscose blend this shawl will keep you cosy and is comfortable to carry. Featuring a striking pattern this shawl will be a unique addition to your wardrobe.,Shawls,VISCOSE BLEND,Gentle Wash,Regular,Orange,AU626WA04FRZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Acrylic-Red-Sweater-847497.html,Aurelia,Your plain look will get a huge upgrade when you put on this red coloured sleeveless sweater for women from Aurelia. This V-neck sweater woven from acrylic displays a unique style which will add to your impeccable ensemble. Wear it over a full-sleevedtop and skinny-fit jeans to look chic and elegant.,,Acrylic,Gentle Wash,Regular,Red,AU626WA02FSBINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Acrylic-Grey-Milange-Sweater-847499.html,Aurelia,Grey mlange in colour this stylish sweater by Aurelia is a must-have in every womans wardrobe. Fashioned from acrylic this regular-fit sweater will keep you cosy and comfortable throughout the day. To look your best wear this sleeveless sweater over a top with jeans for a complete casual look.,,Acrylic,Gentle Wash,Regular,Grey Milange,AU626WA00FSDINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Acrylic-Purple-Sweater-847501.html,Aurelia,Purple in colour this stylish sweater by Aurelia is a must-have in every womans wardrobe. Fashioned from acrylic this regular-fit sweater will keep you cosy and comfortable throughout the day. To look your best wear this sleeveless sweater over a top with jeans for a complete casual look.,,Acrylic,Gentle Wash,Regular,Purple,AU626WA98FSFINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Acrylic-Black-Sweater-847503.html,Aurelia,For women who prioritise comfort and style this black coloured cardigan from Aurelia is a perfect pick. Fashioned from acrylic this regular-fit cardigan will be a classy addition to your winter wardrobe. Featuring pockets on the front this cardigan will go well with your casual as well as ethnic attire.,,Acrylic,Gentle Wash,Regular,Black,AU626WA96FSHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Acrylic-Pink-Sweater-847505.html,Aurelia,Pink in colour this stylish cardigan by Aurelia is a must-have in every womans wardrobe. Fashioned from acrylic this regular-fit cardigan will keep you cosy and comfortable throughout the day. To look your best wear this cardigan over a top with jeans for a complete casual look.,,Acrylic,Gentle Wash,Regular,Pink,AU626WA94FSJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Acrylic-Blue-Sweater-847509.html,Aurelia,For women who prioritise comfort andstyle this blue coloured cardigan from Aurelia is a perfect pick. Fashioned from acrylic this regular-fit cardigan will be a classy addition to your winter wardrobe. Featuring pockets on the front this cardigan will go well with your casual as well as ethnic attire.,,Acrylic,Gentle Wash,Regular,Blue,AU626WA90FSNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Shantoon-Black-Kurta-847513.html,G,Flaunt a nonchalant look wearing thiskurtaby G. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft shantoon fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your ethnic look for the day.,Kurta,Shantoon,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Black,XG678WA86FSRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Yellow-Kurta-847515.html,G,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion when you wear this yellow coloured kurtaby G. The kurtais made from cotton blend which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Yellow,XG678WA84FSTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Orange-Kurta-847517.html,G,Try something new that's perfect for this rugged trendwearing thiskurtaby G. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Orange,XG678WA82FSVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Aqua-Blue-Kurta-847519.html,G,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort wearing this aqua blue coloured kurtaby G. The kurtais made from cotton blend which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Aqua Blue,XG678WA80FSXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Green-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-847521.html,G,Look feminine to the core by wearing this green coloured suit set from G. Made from Jacquard fabric this suit set comprises a knee length kurti and churidaar salwar that together make you look gorgeous. You can wear this suit on a festive occasion by teaming it with proper accessories to look fabulous.,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,Jaquard,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Green,XG678WA78FSZINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Yellow-Kurta-847523.html,G,Get rid of the 'regular' look this season when you wear this yellow coloured kurtaby G. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton blend kurta will besoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Yellow,XG678WA76FTBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Yellow-Kurta-847525.html,G,Make the guys forget the world as you wear this kurtafrom the house of G. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and the soft cotton blend will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Yellow,XG678WA74FTDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Square neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Green-Kurta-847527.html,G,Melt the rainbow as you wear this kurtain green colour from the house of G. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and the soft cotton blend will keep you comfortable. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Green,XG678WA72FTFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Chanderi-Fuchsia-Kurta-847529.html,G,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing this fuchsia coloured kurtaby G. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft chanderi fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your ethnic look for the day.,Kurta,CHANDERI,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Fuchsia,XG678WA70FTHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Polyester-Blend-Red-Kurta-847531.html,G,For an unexpected update to any outfit wear this kurtain red colour from the house of G. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and the soft polyester blend will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Polyester Blend,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Red,XG678WA68FTJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Chanderi-Yellow-Kurta-847533.html,G,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing thiskurtaby G. Designed with absolute perfection thischanderi kurta will besoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,CHANDERI,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Yellow,XG678WA66FTLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Chanderi-Green-Kurta-847535.html,G,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion when you wear this green coloured kurtaby G. Designed with absolute perfection thischanderi kurta will besoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,CHANDERI,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Green,XG678WA64FTNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Chanderi-Fuchsia-Kurta-847537.html,G,Stow away your old stuff as you wear this kurtain fuchsia colour from the house of G. Designed with absolute perfection thischanderi kurta will besoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,CHANDERI,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Fuchsia,XG678WA62FTPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Chiffon-Blue-Kurta-847539.html,G,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurtain blue colour from the house of G. Made from chiffon this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Chiffon,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Blue,XG678WA60FTRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Chiffon-Pink-Kurta-847545.html,G,If versatility is your game thenwear this kurtafrom the house of G. Designed with absolute perfection thischiffonkurta will besoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Chiffon,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Pink,XG678WA54FTXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Green-Kurta-847547.html,G,Your savoir faire will be highlighted when you wear this green coloured kurtaby G. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Green,XG678WA52FTZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Grey-Kurta-847549.html,G,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing this kurtaby G. The kurtais made from cotton blend which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Grey,XG678WA50FUBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Super-Net-Orange-Kurta-847555.html,G,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer as you wear this kurtain orange colour from the house of G. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft super net fabric. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,SUPER NET,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Orange,XG678WA44FUHINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Orange-Kurta-847557.html,G,Flaunt a no-fuss look wearing this orange coloured kurtaby G. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton blend fabric. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Orange,XG678WA42FUJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/g-Cotton-Blend-Yellow-Kurta-847559.html,G,Upgrade your staple look wearing thiskurtaby G. Thekurtais made from cotton blend which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,SEPARATE WASH,Regular,Yellow,XG678WA40FULINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Georgette-Green-Kurta-848253.html,Arpn's,Make the girls go green wearing this green coloured kurtaby Arpn's. Made from georgette it ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it withmatching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,AR888WA46GVDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Georgette-Maroon-Kurta-848261.html,Arpn's,Make the guys forget the world as you wear this kurta in maroon colour from the house of Arpn's. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,AR888WA38GVLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Georgette-Maroon-Kurta-848265.html,Arpn's,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta in maroon colour from the house of Arpn's. This kurtais made from georgette which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,AR888WA34GVPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Georgette-Maroon-Kurta-848267.html,Arpn's,Flaunt a nonchalant look as you wear this kurta from the house of Arpn's. Designed with absolute perfection these georgette kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,AR888WA32GVRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Net-Red-Kurta-848269.html,Arpn's,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness when you wear this red coloured kurtaby Arpn's. Made from net this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Net,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,AR888WA30GVTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Georgette-Maroon-Kurta-848271.html,Arpn's,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this maroon coloured kurtaby Arpn's. Designed with absolute perfection thisgeorgette kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurtis & kurtas will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,AR888WA28GVVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Georgette-Navy-Blue-Kurta-848273.html,Arpn's,Nail the style of the season when you wear this navy blue coloured kurta by Arpn's. Made from georgette this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,AR888WA26GVXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Chiffon-Green-Kurta-848275.html,Arpn's,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing this green coloured kurtas by Arpn's. Made from chiffon this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Chiffon,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,AR888WA24GVZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Knee Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Georgette-Maroon-Kurta-848277.html,Arpn's,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness when you wear this maroon coloured kurtaby Arpn's. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,AR888WA22GWBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arpn-s-Chiffon-Peach-Kurta-848281.html,Arpn's,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this peach coloured kurti from the house of Arpn's. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and the soft chiffon fabric will keep you comfortable. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Chiffon,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Peach,AR888WA18GWFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/libas-Cream-Printed-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-848579.html,Libas,Pull together a chic look by wearing this cream coloured suit set from the house of Libas. Crafted from cotton blend it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,LI467WA20HHRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/libas-Cream-Printed-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-848581.html,Libas,Pull together a chic look by wearing suit set by Libas. Crafted from cotton it will keep you comfortable throughout the party.This suit set has a soothing colour and will lend you a fresh look this season.,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,LI467WA18HHTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/libas-Beige-Embroidered-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-848589.html,Libas,Pull together a chic look by wearing suit set by Libas. Crafted from chanderi fabric it will keep you comfortable throughout the party.This suit set has a soothing colour and will lend you a fresh look this season.,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,CHANDERI,Dry Clean Only,,Beige,LI467WA10HIBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Embroidered,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/libas-Red-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-848595.html,Libas,Pull together a chic look by wearing suit set by Libas. Crafted from georgette it will keep you comfortable throughout the party.This suit set has a soothing colour and will lend you a fresh look this season.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Red,LI467WA04HIHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Orange-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-848643.html,Sangria,Leave a lasting impression on your colleagues as you walk into office wearing this classy suit set from Sangria.,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,Polyester,,Regular,Orange,SA038WA56HKDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,,Pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Grey-Printed-Sweater-848681.html,Bossini,Stay warm and look cool wearing this grey coloured sweater from Bossini. Featuring a classy design this sweater will certainly set your score high on the fashion forefront. Made from cotton this regular-fit sweater is light in weight soft to touch and a smart pick for sure.,,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Line dry in Shade,Regular,Grey,BO023WA18HLPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Black-Solid-Trousers-848683.html,Bossini,Nail the style of the season wearing these,Chinos,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Line dry in Shade,Regular,Black,BO023WA16HLRINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Blue-Solid-Trousers-848685.html,Bossini,Stow away your old stuff as you wear these trouser in green colour&nbsp,Chinos,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Line dry in Shade,Regular,Blue,BO023WA14HLTINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Maroon-Solid-Trousers-848687.html,Bossini,<p>Make the guys adore your sartorial elegance as you wear these&nbsp,Chinos,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Line dry in Shade,Regular,Maroon,BO023WA12HLVINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Off-White-Printed-Sweater-848689.html,Bossini,Stay warm and look cool wearing this off-white coloured sweater from Bossini. Featuring a classy design this sweater will certainly set your score high on the fashion forefront. Made from cotton this regular-fit sweater is light in weight soft to touch and a smart pick for sure.,,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Line dry in Shade,Regular,Off White,BO023WA10HLXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Yellow-Printed-T-Shirts-848825.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this yellow coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Yellow,CU302WA74HRDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Blue-Printed-T-Shirts-848827.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Blue,CU302WA72HRFINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirts-848829.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this off white coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Off White,CU302WA70HRHINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Peach-Printed-T-Shirts-848831.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this peach coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Peach,CU302WA68HRJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Red-Printed-T-Shirts-848833.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this red coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Red,CU302WA66HRLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Wine-Solid-T-Shirts-848835.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this wine coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Wine,CU302WA64HRNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Black-Solid-Tops-848837.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this black coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this Top for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this Top will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Black,CU302WA62HRPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Black-Printed-Tops-848839.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this black coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Black,CU302WA60HRRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Yellow-Solid-Tops-848841.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this yellow coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this Top for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this Top will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Yellow,CU302WA58HRTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Black-Solid-Tops-848843.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this black coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Black,CU302WA56HRVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Blue-Solid-Tops-848845.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this blue coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Blue,CU302WA54HRXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Grey-Solid-Tops-848847.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this grey coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Grey,CU302WA52HRZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Peach-Solid-Tops-848849.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this peach coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Peach,CU302WA50HSBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Peach-Solid-Tops-848851.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this peach coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Peach,CU302WA48HSDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Peach-Printed-T-Shirts-848853.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this peach coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Peach,CU302WA46HSFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Black-Printed-T-Shirts-848857.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this black coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Black,CU302WA42HSJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Brown-Solid-T-Shirts-848859.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this brown coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Brown,CU302WA40HSLINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Brown-Printed-T-Shirts-848861.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this brown coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Brown,CU302WA38HSNINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Grey-Printed-T-Shirts-848863.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this grey coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Grey,CU302WA36HSPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Blue-Printed-T-Shirts-848865.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Blue,CU302WA34HSRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Olive-Solid-Tops-848867.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this olive coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Olive,CU302WA32HSTINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirts-848869.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this off white coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Off White,CU302WA30HSVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-White-Printed-T-Shirts-848871.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this white coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,White,CU302WA28HSXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Blue-Printed-T-Shirts-848873.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Blue,CU302WA26HSZINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Green-Printed-T-Shirts-848875.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this green coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Green,CU302WA24HTBINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Black-Solid-Tops-848877.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this black coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Black,CU302WA22HTDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Blue-Solid-Tops-848879.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this blue coloured Top from the house of Cult Fiction.,Blouses,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Blue,CU302WA20HTFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Rust-Solid-T-Shirts-848881.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this rust coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Rust,CU302WA18HTHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Off-White-Solid-T-Shirts-848883.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this off white coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Off White,CU302WA16HTJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Brown-Solid-T-Shirts-848891.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this brown coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Brown,CU302WA08HTRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Beige-Printed-T-Shirts-848893.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this beige coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Beige,CU302WA06HTTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckBoat Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-White-Printed-T-Shirts-848895.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this white coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,White,CU302WA04HTVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Multi-Printed-T-Shirts-848897.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this multi coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Multi,CU302WA02HTXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-White-Printed-T-Shirts-848899.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this white coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,White,CU302WA00HTZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-White-Printed-T-Shirts-848901.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this white coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,White,CU302WA98HUBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-White-Printed-T-Shirts-848903.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this white coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,White,CU302WA96HUDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-White-Printed-T-Shirts-848905.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this white coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,White,CU302WA94HUFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Green-Solid-T-Shirts-848907.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this green coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Green,CU302WA92HUHINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckSquare neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cult-fiction-Aqua-Blue-Solid-T-Shirts-848909.html,Cult Fiction,Make a bold style statement wearing this aqua blue coloured T-shirt from the house of Cult Fiction. Made of cotton this T-shirt for women is comfortable to wear. Offering a desired fit this T-shirt will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Round Neck,Cotton,Normal wash,Regular,Aqua Blue,CU302WA90HUJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckSquare neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Pink-Kurti-849245.html,Mother Earth,Try something new that's perfect for this rugged this trendwearing this pink coloured kurta by Mother Earth. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton blend kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. When worn with contrast coloured dupatta and salwar itwill further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,MO296WA54IHHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Yellow-Kurti-849247.html,Mother Earth,,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Yellow,MO296WA52IHJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Black-Kurti-849249.html,Mother Earth,Dress up your summer sensibility wearing thisblack coloured kurtaby Mother Earth. Made from cotton blend it ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MO296WA50IHLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Green-Kurti-849257.html,Mother Earth,Flaunt your elegant look by wearing this green coloured kurta by Mother Earth. This cotton blend kurta is an ideal pick for summers as it is comfortable and will fall smoothly on your skin. It features 3/4th sleeves and a mandarin collar. It will lend you a simple yet graceful look when you team it with matching leggings complemented by a pair of stunning earrings.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,MO296WA42IHTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Mustard-Yellow-Kurti-849263.html,Mother Earth,Upgrade your staple look as you wear this kurtis & kurtas from the house of Mother Earth. Made from cotton blend it ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Mustard Yellow,MO296WA36IHZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Red-Kurta-849271.html,Mother Earth,Upgrade your staple look as you wear this kurta from the house of Mother Earth. Made from cotton blend fabric it ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,MO296WA28IIHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Green-Kurta-849279.html,Mother Earth,Lusting after luster wearing this green coloured kurta by Mother Earth. Look classy and stylish in this and revel in the comfort of its soft cotton blend fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,MO296WA20IIPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Red-Kurta-849281.html,Mother Earth,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this red coloured kurtis & kurtas by Mother Earth. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,MO296WA18IIRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-White-Kurta-849283.html,Mother Earth,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion wearing this white coloured kurta by Mother Earth. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,MO296WA16IITINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Black-Kurti-849285.html,Mother Earth,Flaunt a no-fuss look as you wear this kurtis & kurtas in black coloured from the house of Mother Earth. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and the soft cotton blend fabric will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MO296WA14IIVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Pink-Kurti-849287.html,Mother Earth,Get rid of the 'regular' look this season as you wear this pink coloured kurtafrom the house of Mother Earth. Designed with absolute perfection thoscotton blend kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,MO296WA12IIXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Black-Kurti-849289.html,Mother Earth,Update your casual wardrobe this summerwearing this black coloured kurta by Mother Earth. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton blend kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MO296WA10IIZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Pink-Kurti-849291.html,Mother Earth,,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,MO296WA08IJBINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Blue-Kurti-849297.html,Mother Earth,Pull together a chic look as you wear this kurtain blue colour from the house of Mother Earth. The kurtais made from cotton blend which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,MO296WA02IJHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Pink-Kurti-849299.html,Mother Earth,Nail the style of the season wearing thiskurtaby Mother Earth. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,MO296WA00IJJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Red-Kurti-849301.html,Mother Earth,Revamp your look for the summer by wearing this kurtaby Mother Earth. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and its soft cotton blend will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,MO296WA98IJLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Blue-Kurti-849303.html,Mother Earth,Make guys adore your sartorial elegance wearing this blue coloured kurta by Mother Earth. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton blend kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,MO296WA96IJNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Black-Kurti-849305.html,Mother Earth,Get rid of your 'regular' look this season by wearing this black coloured kurtaby Mother Earth. This kurtais made from cotton blend which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MO296WA94IJPINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Red-Kurti-849307.html,Mother Earth,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this red coloured kurta from the house of Mother Earth. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and the soft cotton blend fabric will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,MO296WA92IJRINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Red-Kurti-849309.html,Mother Earth,Keep your look lively when you wear this red coloured kurta by Mother Earth. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and the soft cotton blend fabric will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,MO296WA90IJTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Mother_Earth-Cotton-Blend-Blue-Kurti-849311.html,Mother Earth,Earn an all-access pass wearing this blue coloured kurta by Mother Earth. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurti,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,MO296WA88IJVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-849319.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of chanderi cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Chanderi Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA80IKDINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849321.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of chanderi cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Chanderi Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA78IKFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849323.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this green coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of chanderi cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Chanderi Cotton,Hand Wash,,Green,SA508WA76IKHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849325.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this blue coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of chanderi cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Chanderi Cotton,Hand Wash,,Blue,SA508WA74IKJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849327.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this green coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of chanderi cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Chanderi Cotton,Hand Wash,,Green,SA508WA72IKLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849329.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of chanderi cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Chanderi Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA70IKNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849331.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of chanderi cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Chanderi Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA68IKPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849333.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this orange coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of chanderi cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Chanderi Cotton,Hand Wash,,Orange,SA508WA66IKRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Lavender-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849335.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this lavender coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of chanderi cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Chanderi Cotton,Hand Wash,,Lavender,SA508WA64IKTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-849337.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA62IKVINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-849339.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA60IKXINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Magenta-Printed-Dress-Material-849341.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this magenta coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Magenta,SA508WA58IKZINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-849343.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this yellow coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Yellow,SA508WA56ILBINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-849345.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this black coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Black,SA508WA54ILDINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-849347.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this blue coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Blue,SA508WA52ILFINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-White-Printed-Dress-Material-849349.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this white coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,White,SA508WA50ILHINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-849351.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA48ILJINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-849353.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this blue coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Blue,SA508WA46ILLINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Cream-Printed-Dress-Material-849355.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this cream coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Cream,SA508WA44ILNINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-849357.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this black coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Black,SA508WA42ILPINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Beige-Printed-Dress-Material-849359.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this beige coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Beige,SA508WA40ILRINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-849363.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this black coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Black,SA508WA36ILVINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849365.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this red coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Red,SA508WA34ILXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-White-Printed-Dress-Material-849367.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this white coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,White,SA508WA32ILZINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-849369.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this blue coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Blue,SA508WA30IMBINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-849371.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this yellow coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Yellow,SA508WA28IMDINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849373.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA26IMFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849375.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this blue coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Blue,SA508WA24IMHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849377.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this green coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Green,SA508WA22IMJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-White-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849379.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this white coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,White,SA508WA20IMLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849381.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this green coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,COTTON BLEND,Hand Wash,,Green,SA508WA18IMNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Beige-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849383.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this beige coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,COTTON BLEND,Hand Wash,,Beige,SA508WA16IMPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Black-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849385.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this black coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,COTTON BLEND,Hand Wash,,Black,SA508WA14IMRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849387.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this orange coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,COTTON BLEND,Hand Wash,,Orange,SA508WA12IMTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849389.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this red coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,COTTON BLEND,Hand Wash,,Red,SA508WA10IMVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849391.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this blue coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,COTTON BLEND,Hand Wash,,Blue,SA508WA08IMXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-849393.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,COTTON BLEND,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA06IMZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Multi-Printed-Dress-Material-849397.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this multi coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Multi,SA508WA02INDINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-849399.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this black coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Black,SA508WA00INFINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Maroon-Printed-Dress-Material-849401.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this maroon coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Maroon,SA508WA98INHINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-849403.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this green coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Green,SA508WA96INJINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-849405.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this black coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Black,SA508WA94INLINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Brown-Printed-Dress-Material-849407.html,Salwar Studio,Vibrant and visually appealing this brown coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this dress material features a neat and refined finish. The fascinating print on the top sets it a class apart from others. This dress material comprises 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Brown,SA508WA92INNINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-849409.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this black coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Black,SA508WA90INPINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Maroon-Printed-Dress-Material-849411.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this maroon coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Maroon,SA508WA88INRINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Maroon-Printed-Dress-Material-849413.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this maroon coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Maroon,SA508WA86INTINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-White-Printed-Dress-Material-849415.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this white coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,White,SA508WA84INVINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Grey-Printed-Dress-Material-849417.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this grey coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Grey,SA508WA82INXINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-849419.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA80INZINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-White-Printed-Dress-Material-849421.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this white coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,White,SA508WA78IOBINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-849423.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this blue coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Blue,SA508WA76IODINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Brown-Printed-Dress-Material-849425.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this brown coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Brown,SA508WA74IOFINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-White-Printed-Dress-Material-849427.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this white coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,White,SA508WA72IOHINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-White-Printed-Dress-Material-849429.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this white coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,White,SA508WA70IOJINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-849433.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this yellow coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Yellow,SA508WA66IONINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Brown-Printed-Dress-Material-849435.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this brown coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Brown,SA508WA64IOPINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-849437.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this pink coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Pink,SA508WA62IORINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-849439.html,Salwar Studio,Bright and visually appealing this blue coloured dress material from the house of Salwar Studio will become your instant favourite. Made of cotton this dress material is long lasting and easy to care for. The print on the top and add to this dress material visual charm. This dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.00 m bottoms and a 2.50 m long dupatta.,,Cotton,Hand Wash,,Blue,SA508WA60IOTINDFAS,,,,Printed,DRESS MATERIAL - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Polyester-Blue-Kurta-849591.html,Ayaany,Make the guys adore your sartorial elegance when you wear this blue coloured kurtaby Ayaany. Designed with absolute perfection thispolyester kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Polyester,HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,AY523WA08IUPINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Cotton-Blue-Kurti-849593.html,Ayaany,Play up girly elements correctly as you wear this kurtafrom the house of Ayaany. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,AY523WA06IURINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Cotton-Pink-Kurti-849595.html,Ayaany,If versatality is your game wearing these kurtaby Ayaany. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurti,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,AY523WA04IUTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Cotton-Black-Kurti-849601.html,Ayaany,Add pizzazz to your look as you wear this kurtafrom the house of Ayaany. Thiskurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurti,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AY523WA98IUZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,KURTI AND INNER,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Polyester-White-Kurta-849603.html,Ayaany,Dress up your summer sensibility wearing thiskurtaby Ayaany. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractive kurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Polyester,HAND WASH,Regular,White,AY523WA96IVBINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Polyester-Black-Kurta-849609.html,Ayaany,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort when you wear this black coloured kurtaby Ayaany. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft polyester will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Polyester,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AY523WA90IVHINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Shawl Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Cotton-Black-Kurti-849619.html,Ayaany,Update your casual wardrobe this summer wearing this black coloured kurtaby Ayaany. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurti,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AY523WA80IVRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Cotton-Pink-Kurta-849623.html,Ayaany,A stylish update on the sartorial look wearing this kurtaby Ayaany. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,AY523WA76IVVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Cotton-Black-Kurta-849625.html,Ayaany,Shun the shackles of bygone fashion wearing this black coloured kurtaby Ayaany. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AY523WA74IVXINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ayaany-Cotton-Black-Kurti-849627.html,Ayaany,Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Then go ahead and as you wear this kurtafrom the house of Ayaany. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,AY523WA72IVZINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Black-Solid-Dress-850105.html,Monte Carlo,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by Monte Carlo. Crafted from wool blend it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Bodycon Dresses,Wool Blend,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Black,MO514WA94JOJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Maroon-Solid-Dress-850107.html,Monte Carlo,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by Monte Carlo. Crafted from wool blend it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Bodycon Dresses,Wool Blend,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Maroon,MO514WA92JOLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Cream-Solid-Dress-850109.html,Monte Carlo,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by Monte Carlo. Crafted from wool blend it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Bodycon Dresses,Wool Blend,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Cream,MO514WA90JONINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Cream-Solid-Top-850111.html,Monte Carlo,Double your fashion flair wearing this cream coloured top from the house of Monte Carlo. Fashioned using wool blend this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Wool Blend,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Cream,MO514WA88JOPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Red-Solid-Top-850113.html,Monte Carlo,Double your fashion flair wearing this red coloured top from the house of Monte Carlo. Fashioned using wool blend this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Wool Blend,Normal Hand Wash With Branded detergents,Regular,Red,MO514WA86JORINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Yellow-Solid-T-Shirts-850115.html,Bossini,Flaunt a no-fuss look when you wear this yellow coloured topby Bossini. Made of premium quality cotton spandex  this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Polo Neck,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,Yellow,BO023WA84JOTINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Polo NeckCollar,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Black-Printed-Top-850117.html,Bossini,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured top&nbsp,Blouses,Polyester,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Line dry in Shade,Regular,Black,BO023WA82JOVINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Maroon-Printed-Top-850119.html,Bossini,<p>Lusting after luster as you wear this top in maroon colour from the house of Bossini. Made from polyester this top will keep you comfortable throughout. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sandals.</p>,Blouses,Polyester,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Line dry in Shade,Regular,Maroon,BO023WA80JOXINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-White-Printed-Top-850121.html,Bossini,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style wearing this white coloured top ,Blouses,Viscose,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,White,BO023WA78JOZINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Blue-Solid-Top-850123.html,Bossini,Denim shirts and tops have made a fashion comeback this year. If you dont have one in your wardrobe yet get this blue coloured top from Bossini which will help you keep pace with ongoing fashion trends. Made from cotton this top has full sleeves and mandarin collar. You can team this top with jeggings or coloured chinos to complete your casual look.,Blouses,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Line dry in Shade,Regular,Blue,BO023WA76JPBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Green-Solid-Top-850125.html,Bossini,<p>Look stylish wearing this green coloured top&nbsp,Blouses,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,Green,BO023WA74JPDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Grey-Solid-Top-850127.html,Bossini,<p>Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort as you wear this grey coloured top&nbsp,Blouses,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,Grey,BO023WA72JPFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Pink-Solid-Top-850129.html,Bossini,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this pink coloured top ,Blouses,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,Pink,BO023WA70JPHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Pink-Solid-Top-850131.html,Bossini,Play up girly elements correctly wearing this pink coloured topby Bossini. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polycotton fabric. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,Pink,BO023WA68JPJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Blue-Solid-Top-850133.html,Bossini,Take 9-to-5 look to a new level wearing this blue coloured topby Bossini. Fashioned using polycotton this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,Blue,BO023WA66JPLINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Black-Solid-Top-850135.html,Bossini,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this black coloured top from the house of Bossini. Made of premium quality polycotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,Black,BO023WA64JPNINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Beige-Printed-Top-850137.html,Bossini,Look smart and be the trendsetter wearing this beige coloured top from Bossini. The beautiful mix of contemporary and traditional prints enhances the overall appeal of this trendy top. Featuring a full front button placket this top is something you will fall in love with over and over again. Made from rayon this regular-fit top will offer lightweight comfort all day long.,Blouses,Rayon,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Line dry in Shade,Regular,Beige,BO023WA62JPPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-bennett-Blue-Tops-850139.html,Miss Bennett,Double your fashion flair when you wear this blue coloured topfromMiss Bennett. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Blue,MI162WA60JPRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-New-Look-Pink-Waterfall-Blazer-850155.html,New Look,Step up and step out in style this weekend wearing this blazer from New Look. Best flaunted with casual outfits this polyester blazer promises breathable comfort too.,Jackets,Polyester,,,Pink,NE499WA44JQHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-Shell-Pink-Maxi-Skirtshell-Pink-Maxi-Skirt-850157.html,New Look,Get this full length pink coloured skirt from New Look to properly understand the meaning of comfort. This flared skirt made from polyester is stretchable and will keep you at ease the whole time you have it on. Wear a white top over itand team the whole attire with a pair of stilettos to look your best.,Flared,Polyester,,,Pink,NE499WA42JQJINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-Navy-Blue-Winter-Jackets-850159.html,New Look,Add something as stylish as this navy blue coloured jacket from New Look to your winter wardrobe and ensure asmart look throughout the season. Featuring a full front zip and stylish pockets this polyester jacket will keep you cosy all day long. This hooded jacket can be best teamed with a pair of jeans.,Jackets,Polyester,,,Navy Blue,NE499WA40JQLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-Blue-Crochet-Vest-850161.html,New Look,Get this blue coloured top from New Look to feel comfort in its best form. Made from polyester viscose this top will be very comfortable for you to wear throughout the day. You can teamit with a pair of black jeggings to display your best look.,Blouses,POLYESTER VISCOSE,,,Blue,NE499WA38JQNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-Hula-Floral-Slip-Belt-Maxi-850163.html,New Look,Look absolutely stunning at the next poolside party wearing this white coloured maxi dress from New Look. Featuring a bold floral print and braided belt this dress will become your favourite instantly. Team this viscose dress with high heels and a neckpiece.,Maxi Dresses,Viscose,,,White,NE499WA36JQPINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Pink-Embroidered-Kurta-Churidar-Set-850581.html,Magnetic Designs,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing suit set by Magnetic Designs. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long.This suit set has a soothing colour and will lend you a fresh look this season.,Kurta Churidar Set,Cotton,dry clean only,Regular,Pink,MA304WA18KGRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,Kurta churidar dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Green-Printed-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-850583.html,Magnetic Designs,Be the cynosure of all eyes by wearing suit set by Magnetic Designs. Crafted from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin. This suit set has a soothing colour and will lend you a fresh look this season.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Georgette,dry clean only,Regular,Green,MA304WA16KGTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,Kurta churidar dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Jealous-21-Green-Top-850711.html,Jealous 21,Spruce up your casual look for the day wearing thisT-shirt from Jealous 21. Featuring an interesting and funky print on the front this T-shirt will become your favourite in no time. Made from jersey this short-sleeved T-shirt will help you stay relaxed all day long. Team it with a pair of jeans and sneakers to look perfect.,Blouses,Jersey,,,Green,JE239WA88KLRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Crew Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Jealous-21-Red-Top-850713.html,Jealous 21,Stylishly designed this red coloured top by Jealous 21 will be a wise investment for your casual wardrobe. Fashioned from jersey fabric this top is designed to provide you utmost comfort all day long. Featuring polka dots team this top with jeans and matching wedges for a stunning look.,Blouses,Jersey,,,Red,JE239WA86KLTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Crew Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Sarees-852323.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA76MVRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852329.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA70MVXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852331.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA68MVZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Sarees-852333.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this black coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA66MWBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852343.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA56MWLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852345.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA54MWNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-White-Embroidered-Sarees-852347.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this white coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,White,TR402WA52MWPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-852349.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA50MWRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-852351.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA48MWTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-852353.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA46MWVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-852355.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA44MWXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-852357.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA42MWZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-852359.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA40MXBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-852361.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA38MXDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-852363.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA36MXFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-852365.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA34MXHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-852367.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA32MXJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-852369.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA30MXLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Border-Work-Sarees-852371.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of brasso this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,BRASSO,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA28MXNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Embroidered-Sarees-852373.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this black coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA26MXPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Sarees-852383.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA16MXZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Sarees-852385.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA14MYBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Sarees-852387.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this black coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA12MYDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852389.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA10MYFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Sarees-852393.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA06MYJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Printed-Sarees-852403.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this purple coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA96MYTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Sarees-852405.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA94MYVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Brown-Printed-Sarees-852409.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this brown coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,TR402WA90MYZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Sarees-852411.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA88MZBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852421.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA78MZLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Sarees-852427.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA72MZRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Sarees-852429.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA70MZTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852433.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA66MZXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Sarees-852439.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA60NADINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852441.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA58NAFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Sarees-852443.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA56NAHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852447.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA52NALINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852449.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA50NANINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852451.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA48NAPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852457.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of crepe this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA42NAVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Sarees-852459.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of crepe this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA40NAXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852463.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of crepe this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA36NBBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Brown-Printed-Sarees-852469.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this brown coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,TR402WA30NBHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852471.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA28NBJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Orange-Border-Work-Sarees-852483.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this orange coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,TR402WA16NBVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852487.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA12NBZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852491.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA08NCDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852493.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA06NCFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852501.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA98NCNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Sarees-852505.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA94NCRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Sarees-852509.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA90NCVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Sarees-852515.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA84NDBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Sarees-852517.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA82NDDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Sarees-852521.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA78NDHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852529.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA70NDPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852531.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA68NDRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Sarees-852537.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA62NDXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-White-Printed-Sarees-852541.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this white coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,White,TR402WA58NEBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Sarees-852543.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA56NEDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Sarees-852545.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA54NEFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852549.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA50NEJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Sarees-852553.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA46NENINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Border-Work-Sarees-852555.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA44NEPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Border-Work-Sarees-852557.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this purple coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA42NERINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Grey-Border-Work-Sarees-852561.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this grey coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Grey,TR402WA38NEVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Border-Work-Sarees-852563.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this purple coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA36NEXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Golden-Border-Work-Sarees-852565.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this golden coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Golden,TR402WA34NEZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Border-Work-Sarees-852569.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this purple coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA30NFDINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Border-Work-Sarees-852571.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA28NFFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Border-Work-Sarees-852575.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA24NFJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Border-Work-Sarees-852577.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA22NFLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Border-Work-Sarees-852581.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this black coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA18NFPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Border-Work-Sarees-852583.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA16NFRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Border-Work-Sarees-852585.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA14NFTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Border-Work-Sarees-852589.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA10NFXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Border-Work-Sarees-852591.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this purple coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA08NFZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Border-Work-Sarees-852593.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA06NGBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-White-Printed-Sarees-852603.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this white coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,White,TR402WA96NGLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Orange-Printed-Sarees-852605.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this orange coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,TR402WA94NGNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852609.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA90NGRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852611.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA88NGTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852617.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA82NGZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852619.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA80NHBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Sarees-852621.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this black coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA78NHDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852623.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA76NHFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Sarees-852625.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this black coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA74NHHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852629.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multi coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA70NHLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Sarees-852631.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this black coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA68NHNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Sarees-852633.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA66NHPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Sarees-852649.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA50NIFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852653.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA46NIJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Sarees-852661.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA38NIRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Sarees-852669.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA30NIZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852671.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA28NJBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852675.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multicoloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA24NJFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Sarees-852677.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA22NJHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Sarees-852679.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA20NJJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Sarees-852681.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA18NJLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Sarees-852683.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of chiffon this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA16NJNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852685.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA14NJPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852687.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA12NJRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852693.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA06NJXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852699.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA00NKDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852701.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA98NKFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Brown-Printed-Sarees-852711.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this brown coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,TR402WA88NKPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852723.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA76NLBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852727.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA72NLFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852731.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA68NLJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852733.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA66NLLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Grey-Printed-Sarees-852739.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this grey coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Grey,TR402WA60NLRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-852741.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA58NLTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Printed-Sarees-852743.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this multi coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA56NLVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Border-Work-Sarees-852753.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA46NMFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Border-Work-Sarees-852755.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this black coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of georgette this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA44NMHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852757.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA42NMJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Border-Work-Sarees-852759.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA40NMLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852763.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA36NMPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Border-Work-Sarees-852767.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this black coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net and jacquard this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA32NMTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Border-Work-Sarees-852771.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA28NMXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Golden-Border-Work-Sarees-852775.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this golden coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Golden,TR402WA24NNBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Border-Work-Sarees-852777.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA22NNDINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852779.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA20NNFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Stone-Work-Sarees-852781.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA18NNHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Stone-Work-Sarees-852785.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA14NNLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Stone-Work-Sarees-852787.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA12NNNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Stone-Work-Sarees-852789.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this yellow coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA10NNPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Stone-Work-Sarees-852793.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA06NNTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-White-Stone-Work-Sarees-852795.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this white coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of net this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,White,TR402WA04NNVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Orange-Border-Work-Sarees-852799.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this orange coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,TR402WA00NNZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Border-Work-Sarees-852803.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA96NODINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Orange-Border-Work-Sarees-852805.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this orange coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,TR402WA94NOFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852809.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA90NOJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Border-Work-Sarees-852815.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA84NOPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Border-Work-Sarees-852819.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA80NOTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852821.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA78NOVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Border-Work-Sarees-852823.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA76NOXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Orange-Border-Work-Sarees-852825.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this orange coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,TR402WA74NOZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Border-Work-Sarees-852829.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA70NPDINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Border-Work-Sarees-852831.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this red coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of silk this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA68NPFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852835.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA64NPJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Border-Work-Sarees-852839.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA60NPNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Border-Work-Sarees-852841.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA58NPPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852843.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA56NPRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Orange-Border-Work-Sarees-852847.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this orange coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,TR402WA52NPVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Border-Work-Sarees-852849.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA50NPXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Border-Work-Sarees-852861.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA38NQJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Maroon-Border-Work-Sarees-852871.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this maroon coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton blend this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Maroon,TR402WA28NQTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Border-Work-Sarees-852873.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA26NQVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Border-Work-Sarees-852875.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this green coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA24NQXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Maroon-Border-Work-Sarees-852877.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this maroon coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Maroon,TR402WA22NQZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Border-Work-Sarees-852879.html,Triveni Sarees,Triveni Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which is a perfect blend of style and comfort. Made of cotton this saree is easy to drape and maintain. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn in social gatherings. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA20NRBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Green-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-852961.html,Span,The chemistry of green and pink is always classy! Check out this mesmerising suit set by SPAN that displays a fabulous equation of these shades in the most beautiful manner. The kurta in the set exhibits a stunning paisley pattern on the contrast coloured hem. Tailored in regular fit from cotton this set comprises a green kurta pink churidar and a pink dupatta.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Green,SP058WA38NUFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,,READY MADE SALWAR KAMEEZ DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Grey-Solid-Shrug-853101.html,Only,<p>Get rid of the &#39,,PU,dark colours to be washed separately,Loose,Grey,ON616WA98NZPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Skirts-853103.html,Only,ONLY presents this black coloured skirt which will make you look super glamorous. Made of PU (polyurethane) this skirt is long-lasting and easy to care for as well. Offering a desired fit this skirt will go well with a red coloured formal blouse.,Pencil,PU,dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Black,ON616WA96NZRINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Jeans-853107.html,Only,Complete your off-duty look wearing these black coloured jeans from ONLY. Fashioned from cotton spandex these slim-fit jeans will keep you at ease all day long. Team these jeans with a top and high heels.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Black,ON616WA92NZVINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Sweater-853109.html,Only,<p>A funky pick for regular wear would be this black coloured cardigan for women from ONLY. Featuring regular fit this cardigan is&nbsp,,ACRYLIC BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,ON616WA90NZXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Off-White-Sweatshirt-853111.html,Only,<p>Flaunting a flawless design this off-white coloured sweatshirt for women by ONLY will enthral you with its unique appeal. Its mesmerising floral print will capture your heart within seconds. This full-sleeved round neck sweatshirt is an ideal choice to keep you warm and cosy owing to its polycotton make. Team it over blue jeans to attain a modish look. &nbsp,,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,ON616WA88NZZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Bodycon-Dress-853113.html,Only,<p>Make the girls go green when you wear this black coloured dresses by ONLY. Crafted from polyester spandex it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.&nbsp,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Black,ON616WA86OABINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Off-White-Solid-Shirt-853115.html,Only,<p>Fit yourself into a gang of style-crazy women this winter by&nbsp,,COTTON BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,<p>Fit yourself into a gang of style-crazy women this winter by&nbspRegular,Off White,ON616WA84OADINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Orange-Knit-Sweater-853117.html,Only,To attain a bright and trendy look get this orange coloured sweater by ONLY. Designed for women with classy taste this impeccably designed regular-fit sweater will capture your interest easily. Knitted from acrylic it will be warm and cosy for sure. To look chic just team this sweater with a black coloured skirt along with a pair of stockings and boots.,,100% Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Orange,ON616WA82OAFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Blue-Jeans-853119.html,Only,Get set to cruise around with your friends in sheer style wearing these blue jeans from ONLY. Best flaunted with a slim-fit top these skinny-fit jeans are pure stretchable comfort too courtesy the cotton spandex fabric.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Blue,ON616WA80OAHINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Purple-Solid-Skater-Dress-853121.html,Only,<p>Look your casual best&nbsp,Skater Dresses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Flared,Purple,ON616WA78OAJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Bodycon-Dress-853127.html,Only,<p>Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side wearing this black coloured dress&nbsp,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Black,ON616WA72OAPINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Skirts-853133.html,Only,Complete your business look with this black coloured skirt from ONLY. Made from a blend of polyester and spandex material this pencil skirt has a really catchy design. You can team it with a top of your choice to look classy and elegant.,Pencil,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Black,ON616WA66OAVINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Beige-Solid-Top-853137.html,Only,<p>Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing beige coloured tops by ONLY. Made from polyester this top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.</p>,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Loose,Beige,ON616WA62OAZINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Top-853139.html,Only,Indulge in exclusive and trendy dressing style by wearing thistop from ONLY. Featuring a pretty design this top is sure to make you look like a fashionista when clubbed with a red skirt. Made from 100% polyester this loose-fit top is light in weight and skin friendly.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Loose,Black,ON616WA60OBBINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Blue-Jeans-853143.html,Only,<p>Make guys adore your sartorial elegance when you wear these jeans from the house of ONLY. Made of cotton spandex these jeans will keep you comfortable summer. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.</p>,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Blue,ON616WA56OBFINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Winter-Jackets-853145.html,Only,<p>To fetch a smart and formal look get this black coloured jacket for women from ONLY without any further delay. Flaunting a striking Houndstooth print this jacket cannot go unnoticed even in a crowded place. It is wrinkle-resistant due to its polyester make and will keep you warm throughout the day. Before an important meeting make sure you put on&nbsp,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,ON616WA54OBHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Open,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Sweater-853147.html,Only,<p>A funky pick for regular wear would be this black coloured cardigan for women from ONLY. Featuring regular fit this cardigan made from viscose will be very comfortable to wear. It is sheer in make and flaunts a striking design. You can wear it on a casual day over a thin top with any pair of bottoms.&nbsp,,100% Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,ON616WA52OBJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Golden-Solid-Shrugs-853149.html,Only,Exuding class and elegance this shrug from the house of ONLY will fetch you a lot of compliments from others. Made of 100% polyester this shrug is comfortable to wear and long-lasting too. Featuring regular fit this shrug is an ideal pick!,,COTTON BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Golden,ON616WA50OBLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Open,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Winter-Jackets-853151.html,Only,<p>Flaunting a flawless design this black coloured jacket for women by ONLY will enthral you with its unique appeal. Its mesmerising stripe print will capture your heart within seconds. This 3/4th sleeved round neck jacket is an ideal choice to keep you warm and cosy owing to its polyester make. Team it over a white top with a pair of beige coloured trousers to attain a modish look. &nbsp,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,ON616WA48OBNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Sequins-Shrug-853153.html,Only,<p>Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort as you wear this pink coloured shrug&nbsp,,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,ON616WA46OBPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Open,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Aqua-Blue-Embroidered-Top-853155.html,Only,<p>Get rid of the &#39,Blouses,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Aqua Blue,ON616WA44OBRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Yellow-Embroidered-Top-853157.html,Only,<p>Flaunt a nonchalant look when you wear this yellow coloured tube top&nbsp,Blouses,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Yellow,ON616WA42OBTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Blue-Embroidered-Top-853159.html,Only,<p>ONLY presents this stunning blue coloured spaghetti neck top which will be an ideal choice to add style to your wardrobe. Featuring lace embroidery this skinny-fit top will lend you a charming look when you wear it under a deep neck top with a pair of blue jeans. Made from polycotton it will provide you a comfortable and soft wear all day long.</p>,Blouses,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Blue,ON616WA40OBVINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Orange-Embroidered-T-Shirt-853161.html,Only,<p>Get ready to show some skin by wearing this orange coloured spaghetti top from ONLY. This pretty and trendy top can be clubbed with jeans long skirts or can be worn beneath sheer tops and shirts. Made from polycotton this skinny-fit spaghetti top is light in weight and skin friendly.&nbsp,Round Neck,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Maroon,ON616WA38OBXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round NeckSPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Yellow-Embroidered-T-Shirt-853163.html,Only,Fit yourself into a gang of style-crazy women this season by getting this yellow coloured t-shirt from ONLY. This spaghetti neck t-shirt features lace embroidery that adds elegance to it. Skinny in fit it is made from polycotton which will ensure that it is extremely soft on your skin. Layer it with a stylish shrug and team it with black coloured palazzo pants to attain a glamorous look.,Round Neck,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Fit yourself into a gang of style-crazy women this season by getting this yellow coloured t-shirt from ONLY. This spaghetti neck t-shirt features lace embroidery that adds elegance to it. Skinny in fit it is made from polycotton which will ensure that it is extremely soft on your skin. Layer it with a stylish shrug and team it with black coloured palazzo pants to attain a glamorous look.Skinny,Yellow,ON616WA36OBZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round NeckSPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Blue-Embroidered-Top-853165.html,Only,<p>Flaunt a no-fuss look wearing this blue coloured top&nbsp,Blouses,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Blue,ON616WA34OCBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Maroon-Embroidered-Top-853167.html,Only,<p>Get rid of the &#39,Blouses,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Orange,ON616WA32OCDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Yellow-Embroidered-Top-853169.html,Only,<p>Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort as you wear this top&nbsp,Blouses,COTTON POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Skinny,Yellow,ON616WA30OCFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Beige-Solid-Top-853171.html,Only,To fetch a smart and formal lookget this beige coloured top from ONLY without any further delay. Flaunting a delicate lacy design on the front this regular-fit top cannot go unnoticed even in a crowded place. It is wrinkle-resistant due to its polyester make and will keep you comfortable as well. Fashion up your best look by wearing this full-sleeved top tucked in with a black coloured high-waist pencil skirt and stilettos.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Beige,ON616WA28OCHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-White-Solid-Top-853173.html,Only,To fetch a smart and formal look get this off-white coloured top from ONLY without any further delay. Flaunting a delicate lacy design on the front this regular-fit top cannot go unnoticed even in a crowded place. It is wrinkle-resistant due to its polyester make and will keep comfortable as well. Fashion up your best look by wearing this full-sleeved top tucked in with a black coloured high-waist pencil skirt and stilettos.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,ON616WA26OCJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Printed-Top-853175.html,Only,<p>Nail the style of the season as you wear this top&nbsp,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,ON616WA24OCLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Printed-T-Shirt-853177.html,Only,<p>ONLY presents this stunning black coloured top which will be an ideal choice to add style to your wardrobe. This sequin&nbsp,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,ON616WA22OCNINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Skater-Dress-853185.html,Only,<p>Shun the shadows of bygone fashion trends when you wear this dress&nbsp,Skater Dresses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Flared,Black,ON616WA14OCVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Solid-Top-853187.html,Only,<p>Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top&nbsp,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,ON616WA12OCXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Solid-Top-853189.html,Only,<p>Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this pink coloured top&nbsp,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,ON616WA10OCZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Solid-Top-853191.html,Only,<p>Jet from day to night with ease wearing this pink coloured top&nbsp,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,ON616WA08ODBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Black-Printed-Jacket-853193.html,Only,<p>Fit yourself into the gang of style-crazy women this winter by&nbsp,Jackets,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,<p>Fit yourself into the gang of style-crazy women this winter by&nbspRegular,Black,ON616WA06ODDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Off-White-Printed-Sweatshirt-853195.html,Only,<p>Flaunting a flawless design this off-white coloured sweatshirt for women by ONLY will enthral you with its unique appeal. Its mesmerising floral print will capture your heart within seconds. This full-sleeved round neck sweatshirt is an ideal choice to keep you warm and cosy owing to its polyester make. Team it over blue jeans to attain a modish look. &nbsp,,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,ON616WA04ODFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Off-White-Printed-Winter-Jacket-853197.html,Only,ONLY presents this stunning off-white coloured jacket for women which will be an ideal choice to add style to your wardrobe. This regular-fit jacket featuring a floral print will lend you a dazzling look even when you pair it with simple blue jeans. Made from polyester it will surely provide you with unmatchable comfort and warmth throughout the day.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,ON616WA02ODHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Grey-Solid-Shift-Dress-853199.html,Only,<p>Nail the style of the season as you wear this dress&nbsp,Shift Dresses,POLYESTER VISCOSE SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,ON616WA00ODJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Blue-Printed-Top-853201.html,Only,<p>Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion by wearing this blue coloured top&nbsp,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,ON616WA98ODLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-853203.html,Only,<p>A funky pick for regular wear would be this off-white coloured T-shirt for women from ONLY. Featuring regular fit this 100% cotton T-shirt will be very comfortable to wear at all times. It also flaunts a striking print on the front. Team it with a pair of shorts and sneakers to achieve a casual look.&nbsp,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,ON616WA96ODNINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Brown-Solid-Legging-853205.html,Only,ONLY presents these brown coloured leggings which will get you noticed for all the right reasons. Made of cotton spandex these leggings are quite soft and comfortable to wear. These leggings will look perfect when teamed with a black coloured tunic.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Brown,ON616WA94ODPINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Pink-Solid-Legging-853207.html,Only,,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Slim,Pink,ON616WA92ODRINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/only-Yellow-Solid-Shirt-853213.html,Only,A simple shirt which will enhance your overall look instantly in this yellow coloured one for women from ONLY. This regular-fit 100% cotton shirt will surely keep you comfortable throughout the day. Team it with blue jeans to fetch a cute look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Yellow,ON616WA86ODXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Blue-Crop-Top-853215.html,Rattrap,,Crop Tops,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Blue,RA830WA84ODZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-White-Crop-Top-853217.html,Rattrap,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease when you wear this pink coloured topby Rattrap. Fashioned using 100% cotton this topwill keep you comfortableall day long. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Crop Tops,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Pink,RA830WA82OEBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Off-White-Top-853219.html,Rattrap,Pull together a chic look wearing this off-white coloured topfrom the house of Rattrap. While the off-white colour adds to your feminine charm the cotton fabric will keep you comfortable all day long. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Off White,RA830WA80OEDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Blue-Top-853221.html,Rattrap,Update your casual wardrobe this summer as you wear this blue colouredtopfrom the house of Rattrap. Made of 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Blue,RA830WA78OEFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Red-Top-853223.html,Rattrap,Upgrade your staple look when you wear this red coloured topby Rattrap. Made of premium quality 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Red,RA830WA76OEHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Green-Crop-Top-853225.html,Rattrap,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this green coloured topby Rattrap. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton poly. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Crop Tops,Cotton Poly,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Green,RA830WA74OEJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Orange-Crop-Top-853227.html,Rattrap,Flaunt a no-fuss look when you wear this red coloured topby Rattrap. Made from cotton poly this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Crop Tops,Cotton Poly,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Orange,RA830WA72OELINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Yellow-Crop-Top-853229.html,Rattrap,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe wearing this yellow coloured top from the house of Rattrap. Fashioned using polycottonthis topwill keep you at comfort all day long. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Crop Tops,Cotton Poly,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Yellow,RA830WA70OENINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Orange-Top-853231.html,Rattrap,Flaunt a nonchalant look as you wear this topfrom the house of Rattrap. Made of premium quality 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Orange,RA830WA68OEPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-White-Top-853233.html,Rattrap,Stow away your old stuff as you wear this white coloured topfrom the house of Rattrap. Made from 100% cotton this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,White,RA830WA66OERINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-White-Top-853235.html,Rattrap,Make the guys forget the world as you wear this topfrom the house of Rattrap. While the white colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,White,RA830WA64OETINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Pink-Top-853237.html,Rattrap,Take the 9-to-5 look to a new level when you wear this pink coloured topby Rattrap. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality 100% cotton. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Pink,RA830WA62OEVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Grey-Shrug-853239.html,Rattrap,Make the guys forget the world as you wear this shrugin grey colourfrom the house of Rattrap. Fashioned using modal this shrugwill not fail to catch your fancy at a single glance. This shrugs\ can be worn over a spaghetti top and can be further accessorised with chunky jewellery.,,MODAL,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Grey,RA830WA60OEXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Black-Skater-Dress-853241.html,Rattrap,Shun the shackles of bygone fashion wearing this black coloureddressby Rattrap. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Black,RA830WA58OEZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Black-Top-853243.html,Rattrap,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this topfrom the house of Rattrap. Made of premium quality 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Black,RA830WA56OFBINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Grey-Top-853245.html,Rattrap,Lusting after luster wearing this grey coloured topby Rattrap. Made from 100% cotton this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Grey,RA830WA54OFDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-White-Top-853247.html,Rattrap,Make the guys adore your sartorial elegance wearing this white coloured topfrom the house of Rattrap. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality 100% cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,White,RA830WA52OFFINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Black-Skirts-853249.html,Rattrap,Flaunt the fashionable diva in you by wearing this black coloured skirt from Rattrap. The cut and sew design further makes this skirt look different and trendy. The modal fabric ensures light weight and offers comfort. Club it with a crochet top and heels to look stunning.,Pencil,MODAL,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,,Black,RA830WA50OFHINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Black-Top-853251.html,Rattrap,Jet from day to night with ease as you wear this tops in black coloured from the house of Rattrap. Made of premium quality 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Black,RA830WA48OFJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Grey-Top-853253.html,Rattrap,If versatility is your game then wear this topfrom the house of Rattrap. Made of premium quality 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Grey,RA830WA46OFLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-White-Top-853255.html,Rattrap,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear this topin white colour from the house of Rattrap. Made from 100% cotton this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,White,RA830WA44OFNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Black-Top-853257.html,Rattrap,Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Then go ahead and wear this topin black colour from the house of Rattrap. Made from 100% cotton this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Black,RA830WA42OFPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Blue-Top-853259.html,Rattrap,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this topfrom the house of Rattrap. Made of premium quality 100% cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Blue,RA830WA40OFRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Rust-Top-853261.html,Rattrap,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion wearing thisorange coloured topby Rattrap. Made from 100% cotton this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Rust,RA830WA38OFTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-White-Top-853263.html,Rattrap,Melt the rainbow as you wear this top in white colour from the house of Rattrap. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality 100% cotton. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,White,RA830WA36OFVINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Pink-Skirts-853265.html,Rattrap,Ditch your long skirts this season in favour of this purple coloured skirt from Rattrap. This bodycon skirt will certainly highlight your curves and make you look absolutely sensuous. The cotton spandex fabric will not only make it flattering but also comfortable. Club it with a shirt and blazer for a peppy look.,A-line,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,,Pink,RA830WA34OFXINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Orange-Skirts-853267.html,Rattrap,Fashionable and unique this orange coloured skirt from Rattrap has all the features that make it a perfect choice for your birthday bash. Club this skirt with a black crochet top and heels to look sensuous and superb on your special day. This bodycon skirt will certainly enhance your curves and is made from stretchable cotton spandex fabric.,A-line,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,,Orange,RA830WA32OFZINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Green-Skirts-853269.html,Rattrap,Fashionable and unique this green coloured skirt from Rattrap has all the features that make it a perfect choice for your birthday bash. Club this skirt with a black crochet top and heels to look sensuous and superb on your special day. This bodycon skirt will certainly enhance your curves and is made from stretchable cotton spandex fabric.,A-line,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,,Green,RA830WA30OGBINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Red-Skirts-853271.html,Rattrap,Fashionable and unique this red coloured skirt from Rattrap has all the features that make it a perfect choice for your birthday bash. Club this skirt with a black crochet top and heels to look sensuous and superb on your special day. This bodycon skirt will certainly enhance your curves and is made from stretchable cotton spandex fabric.,A-line,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,,Red,RA830WA28OGDINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Blue-Sweatshirt-853273.html,Rattrap,Spend your winter evenings outdoor and enjoy every moment of the season in warmth wearing this blue coloured sweatshirt from Rattrap. This pretty sweatshirt can be layered over a top and jeans to make you look trendy. The 100% cotton fabric and regular fit further contribute to the comfort level offered.,,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Blue,RA830WA26OGFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Mauve-Top-853275.html,Rattrap,Keep your look lively wearing this pink coloured topfrom the house of Rattrap. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality 100% cotton. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Mauve,RA830WA24OGHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Mauve-Top-853277.html,Rattrap,Get ready for shopping and look your casual best wearing this mauve coloured top from Rattrap. Featuring a perforated design and thread work this top will surely impress women on the go. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit top will keep you comfortable all day long. Thistop can be best teamed with a pair of jeans and belly shoes.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Mauve,RA830WA22OGJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Multi-Trousers-853279.html,Rattrap,,Palazzo,100% POLYESTER,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Multi,RA830WA20OGLINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Blue-Trousers-853281.html,Rattrap,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear thesetrousers in blue colour from the house of Rattrap. Made from 100% polyester these trousers will accentuate your look effortlessly. Club these with your favourite top and step out in a casual yet classy look.,Palazzo,100% POLYESTER,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Blue,RA830WA18OGNINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Black-Shrug-853283.html,Rattrap,Play up girly elements correctly wearing thisshrugby Rattrap. Tailored in regular fit this cotton modal shrugis light in weight soft against the skin and will keep you at ease all day long. Wear this shrugover any plain top and enhance the look of your attire.,,Cotton Modal,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Black,RA830WA16OGPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Yellow-Shrug-853285.html,Rattrap,Your savoir faire will be highlighted when you wear this yellow coloured shrugby Rattrap. Tailored in regular fit this cotton modal shrugis light in weight soft against the skin and will keep you at ease all day long. This shrugcan be worn over a spaghetti top and can be further accessorised with chunky jewellery.,,Cotton Modal,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Yellow,RA830WA14OGRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Grey-Skater-Dress-853287.html,Rattrap,Shun the shackles of bygone fashion wearing this dresses by Rattrap. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,COTTONPOLY SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Grey,RA830WA12OGTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Black-Skater-Dress-853289.html,Rattrap,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing this black coloured dressby Rattrap. Crafted from cottonpoly spandex it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,COTTONPOLY SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Black,RA830WA10OGVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Black-Top-853291.html,Rattrap,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style wearing this black coloured topfrom the house of Rattrap. Made from 100% cotton this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Black,RA830WA08OGXINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Brown-Camisole-853293.html,Rattrap,Show some skin albeit in a subtle manner by wearing this brown coloured spaghetti top from Rattrap. This pretty and trendy top can be clubbed with jeans long skirts or can be worn beneath sheer tops and shirts. Made from cotton spandex this regular-fit spaghetti top is light in weight and skin friendly.,Basic,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Brown,RA830WA06OGZINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Orange-Capri-853295.html,Rattrap,Be it your workout session or a casual outing these orange coloured leggings from Rattrap can be paired with a top accordingly. Made from cotton spandex these 3/4,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,,Orange,RA830WA04OHBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Red-Capri-853297.html,Rattrap,Be it your workout session or a casual outing these red coloured leggings from Rattrap can be paired with a top accordingly. Made from cotton spandex these 3/4,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,,Red,RA830WA02OHDINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Blue-Legging-853299.html,Rattrap,Be it your workout session ora casual outing these blue coloured leggings from Rattrap can be paired with a top accordingly. Made from cotton spandex these regular-fit leggings are stretchable soft against the skin and will ensure comfort all day long.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Blue,RA830WA00OHFINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Green-Tank-Top-853301.html,Rattrap,Double your fashion flair when you wear this green coloured topby Rattrap. While the green colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Tank Tops,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Green,RA830WA98OHHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Pink-Tube-Top-853305.html,Rattrap,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style wearing thispink coloured topby Rattrap. Made from cotton spandex it will keep you comfortable all day long.Pair this top with with a shirt anddenims to get endless compliments.,Tube Tops,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Pink,RA830WA94OHLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Pink-Tube-Top-853307.html,Rattrap,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style wearing thispink coloured topby Rattrap. Made from cotton spandex it will keep you comfortable all day long.Pair this top with with a shirt anddenims to get endless compliments.,Tube Tops,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Pink,RA830WA92OHNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Blue-Tube-Top-853309.html,Rattrap,Stow away your old stuff wearing this blue coloured tube topby Rattrap. Made from cotton spandexthis top will keep you comfortable all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with a shirttrousers and black pumps.,Tube Tops,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Blue,RA830WA90OHPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rattrap-Green-Top-853311.html,Rattrap,Update your casual wardrobe this summer as you wear this green coloured topfrom the house of Rattrap. While the green colour adds to your feminine charm the pure cotton fabric offers optimum comfort. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,100% Cotton,Machine wash coldUse mild detergentdo not tumble dry/bleachturn inside out before washing & drying use warm iron,Regular,Green,RA830WA88OHRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Pink-Top-853313.html,Fame Forever,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this topfrom the house of Fame Forever. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Pink,FA145WA86OHTINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Yellow-Top-853315.html,Fame Forever,Earn an all-access pass to parties when you wear this yellow coloured topfrom the house of Fame Forever. Made from cotton this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summer. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Yellow,FA145WA84OHVINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Black-Tops-853317.html,Fame Forever,Add pizzazz to your look when you wear this top in black from the house of Fame Forever. Fashioned using viscose this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Viscose,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Black,FA145WA82OHXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Pink-Tops-853319.html,Fame Forever,Take your 9-to-5 look to a new level when you wear this top in pink from the house of Fame Forever. Fashioned using viscose this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Viscose,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Pink,FA145WA80OHZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Pink-Top-853321.html,Fame Forever,Your savoir faire will be highlighted when you wear this pink coloured topby Fame Forever. While the pink colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Rayon,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Pink,FA145WA78OIBINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Yellow-Top-853323.html,Fame Forever,Melt the rainbow when you wear this yellow coloured topfrom the house of Fame Forever. Fashioned using rayon this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Rayon,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Yellow,FA145WA76OIDINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Black-Top-853325.html,Fame Forever,Make guys forget the world when you wear this black and white topfrom the house of Fame Forever. Fashioned using 100% polyester this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Black,FA145WA74OIFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Grey-Jeans-853327.html,Fame Forever,Unlock the secret toultimate comfort wearing thisjeans by Fame Forever. Featuring regular fit these will surely have your style-quotient soaring while the fabric will offer you a comfortable fit. Wear these with a printed T-shirt to complete your look.,,100% Cotton,Machine Wash 40 C  Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machine Wash 40 C  Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Grey,FA145WA72OIHINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Black-Top-853329.html,Fame Forever,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side when you wear this black coloured top by Fame Forever. Made of premium quality viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Viscose,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Black,FA145WA70OIJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Blue-Top-853331.html,Fame Forever,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style as you wear this topfrom the house of Fame Forever. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality viscose. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Viscose,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Blue,FA145WA68OILINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Blue-Top-853333.html,Fame Forever,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness as you wear thisblue coloured top by Fame Forever. Made from viscose this regular-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Viscose,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Blue,FA145WA66OININDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Purple-Top-853335.html,Fame Forever,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness as you wear this topfrom the house of Fame Forever. While the purple colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Viscose,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Purple,FA145WA64OIPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Blue-Tops-853337.html,Fame Forever,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness when you wear this blue coloured topby Fame Forever. Made from viscose this regular top will keep you comfortable in summers. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Viscose,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Blue,FA145WA62OIRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Pink-Top-853339.html,Fame Forever,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe when you wear this topby Fame Forever. Made of premium quality viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Viscose,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Pink,FA145WA60OITINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Yellow-Top-853341.html,Fame Forever,Lusting after luster wearing yellow coloured topby Fame Forever. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality viscose. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Viscose,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Yellow,FA145WA58OIVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Blue-Jeans-853343.html,Fame Forever,Look trendy and casual wearing these absolutely classy blue coloured jeans from Fame Forever. The super-stylish design makes these washed jeans ideal to be worn with tuck-in shirts and heels. Made from 100% cotton fabric these regular-fit jeans are light in weight and will ensure comfort all day long.,,100% Cotton,Machine Wash 40 C  Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machine Wash 40 C  Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Blue,FA145WA56OIXINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Blue-Sweatshirt-853345.html,Fame Forever,Step out in style this winter wearing this trendy blue sweatshirt from Fame Forever. While the stripe pattern adds to the fashion appeal of this regular-fit sweatshirt the cotton fabric makes it a comfortable wear.,,Cotton,Handwash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Handwash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Blue,FA145WA54OIZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Black-Jacket-Blazers-853347.html,Fame Forever,Its time to sharpen up your corporate look this winter with this black blazer from Fame Forever. Made from soft cotton fabric this regular-fit blazer is best worked with formal pants and a crisp white shirt.,Jackets,Cotton,Handwash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Handwash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Black,FA145WA52OJBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Pink-Jacket-Blazers-853349.html,Fame Forever,Classy in make this pink coloured blazer for women from Fame Forever will make a perfect new entrant inyour wardrobe. Woven from cotton this regular-fit blazer is not only stylish in look but is comfortable as well. Featuring a lapel collar it is an ideal pick to wear over a printed shirt with a pair of skinny-fit trousers to make an unforgettable impression on your colleagues.,Jackets,Cotton,Handwash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Handwash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Pink,FA145WA50OJDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Green-Top-853351.html,Fame Forever,Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Thengo ahead and when you wear this green coloured topby Fame Forever. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality modal. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,MODAL,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Green,FA145WA48OJFINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fame-forever-Pink-Top-853353.html,Fame Forever,Make the guys forget the world when you wear this pink coloured top by Fame Forever. While the pink colour adds to your feminine charm the cut and fitgive your overall look some definition. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,MODAL,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.,Regular,Machinewash  at 30 C Do not bleach Do not tumble dry Flat dry in shade Wash Dark Color Saperatly.Pink,FA145WA46OJHINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Red-Basic-Bra-853917.html,Mia,Mia presents this beautiful red coloured bra which is exclusively designed for you. Made of cotton blend this bra is extremely comfortable to wear. This bra will enhance your bust size and will provide that perfect shape. A must-have in your lingerie collection!,Basic Bra,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Red,MI443WA82PEZINDFAS,,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Purple-Basic-Bra-853919.html,Mia,Mia presents this beautiful purple coloured bra which is exclusively designed for you. Made of cotton blend this bra is extremely comfortable to wear. This bra will enhance your bust size and will provide that perfect shape. A must-have in your lingerie collection!,Basic Bra,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Purple,MI443WA80PFBINDFAS,,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Blue-Basic-Bra-853921.html,Mia,Mia presents this beautiful blue coloured bra which is exclusively designed for you. Made of cotton blend this bra is extremely comfortable to wear. This bra will enhance your bust size and will provide that perfect shape. A must-have in your lingerie collection!,Basic Bra,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Blue,MI443WA78PFDINDFAS,,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Yellow-Basic-Bra-853923.html,Mia,Mia presents this beautiful yellow coloured bra which is exclusively designed for you. Made of cotton blend this bra is extremely comfortable to wear. This bra will enhance your bust size and will provide that perfect shape. A must-have in your lingerie collection!,Basic Bra,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Yellow,MI443WA76PFFINDFAS,,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Red-Nightwear-Set-853949.html,Mia,Look sensuous and irresistible wearing this red coloured 2-piece nightwear set from Mia. This nightwear set will surely grab all the attention from your beloved. Made from polyamide blend this nightwear set is extremely lightweight and ensures a comfortable fit.,Night Suits,Polyamide Blend,,Regular,Red,MI443WA50PGFINDFAS,,,,,set of 2,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Pink-Nightwear-Set-853961.html,Mia,Flaunt your sensuality wearing this pink coloured 2-piece nightwear set from Mia. The lace detailing around the neckline makes this nightwear stylish and sexy. Made of satin this nightwear will give you luxurious and ultimate comfort for bedtime.,Night Suits,Satin,,Regular,Pink,MI443WA38PGRINDFAS,,,,,set of 2,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Black-Nightwear-Set-853965.html,Mia,Look flirty and sexy in this black coloured 3-piece nightwear set from the house of Mia. Featuring a sleeveless design this nightwear will allow you to flaunt your feminine side perfectly. Made of polyamide blend this nightwear set promises to keep you comfortable all night long.,Night Suits,Polyamide Blend,,Regular,Black,MI443WA34PGVINDFAS,,,,,set of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Black-Nightwear-853975.html,Mia,Trendy and modish this black coloured nightwear from the house of Mia will help you accentuate your femininity. Made of nylon spandex this nightwear offers maximum comfort. Finely tailored this nightwear will also make you look stylish.,Night Suits,NYLON SPANDEX,,Regular,Black,MI443WA24PHFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-White-Nightwear-Set-853993.html,Mia,A worthy addition to your expansive lingerie collection is this set of nightwear and thong from the house of MIA. Subtly enticing because of its white colour it also assures total comfort through the night courtesy its soft nylon fabric.,Night Suits,Polyamide,,Regular,White,MI443WA06PHXINDFAS,,,,,set of 2,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Purple-Basic-Panty-854011.html,Mia,What lies underneath is what makes the fit spectacular. These purple coloured panties from Mia are a perfect blend of beauty comfort and style. The soft cotton blend material makes these panties extremely comfortable to wear.,Basic,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Purple,MI443WA88PIPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/mia-Blue-Basic-Panty-854015.html,Mia,What lies underneath is what makes the fit spectacular. These blue coloured panties from Mia are a perfect blend of beauty comfort and style. The soft cotton blend material makes these panties extremely comfortable to wear.,Basic,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Blue,MI443WA84PITINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854039.html,Sattika,Printed sarees can never lose their charm and so won'tthis multicoloured saree from Sattika. The beautiful mix of different prints all over this saree makes it worth investing in. Easy to drape and lightweight this saree is made from silk blend. Wear it to work or social events to look stunning. It measures 5.5 m and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA60PJRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854043.html,Sattika,Printed sarees can never lose their charm and so won'tthis multicoloured saree from Sattika. The beautiful mix of different prints all over this saree makes it worth investing in. Easy to drape and lightweight this saree is made from silk blend. Wear it to work or social events to look stunning. It measures 5.5 m and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA56PJVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Grey-Saree-854049.html,Sattika,Add an extra dose of glamour and charm to your ethnic look as you drape this grey and blue coloured saree from Sattika. The beautiful check pattern all over and silver coloured motifs on the border and pallu make this saree a true value for money. Featuring subtle sheen and eye-catching appeal this saree is made from silk blend. It measures 5.5 m and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Grey,SA039WA50PKBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854053.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA46PKFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-White-Saree-854055.html,Sattika,Make a distinct style statement wearing this white coloured saree from the house of Sattika. Made of silk blend this saree ensures total comfort all day long. This printed saree will look perfect when teamed with a gold coloured necklace set. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,White,SA039WA44PKHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Cream-Saree-854061.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,SA039WA38PKNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854063.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA36PKPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Green-Saree-854065.html,Sattika,Stand out from the rest of the crowd wearing this green coloured saree from the house of Sattika. Made of silk blend this saree ensures great comfort all day long. Light in weight and easy to care for this saree will catch your attention instantly.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Green,SA039WA34PKRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Yellow-Saree-854067.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Yellow,SA039WA32PKTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Grey-Saree-854069.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Grey,SA039WA30PKVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854075.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA24PLBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854079.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA20PLFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854081.html,Sattika,Stand out from the rest of the crowd wearing this multicoloured saree from the house of Sattika. Made of silk blend this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well. Ideal to be worn regularly this saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA18PLHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Cream-Saree-854089.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,SA039WA10PLPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Blue-Saree-854097.html,Sattika,Designed with a contemporary twist and colourful spin this navy blue coloured saree from Sattika is a classy pick for any occasion. Drape this saree in the usual style and club it with danglers to get a perfect feminine look. Made from silk blend this saree is light in weight and easy to carry all day long. This 5.5 m saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,SA039WA02PLXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Cream-Saree-854099.html,Sattika,Designed with a contemporary twist and colourful spin this cream coloured saree from Sattika is a classy pick for any occasion. Drape this saree in the usual style and club it with danglers to get a perfect feminine look. Made from silk blend this saree is light in weight and easy to carry all day long. This 5.5 m saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,SA039WA00PLZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854101.html,Sattika,Designed with a contemporary twist and colourful spin this multicoloured saree from Sattika is a classy pick for any occasion. Drape this saree in the usual style and club it with danglers to get a perfect feminine look. Made from silk blend this saree is light in weight and easy to carry all day long. This 5.5 m saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA98PMBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Blue-Saree-854103.html,Sattika,Classy and appealing this navy blue coloured saree from Sattika is a smart pick to be worn at work. The subtle print and striking colour combination make this creation a fashionistas pick. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree is easy to drape and carry all day long. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,SA039WA96PMDINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Peach-Saree-854105.html,Sattika,Classy and appealing this peach coloured saree from Sattika is a smart pick to be worn at work. The subtle print and soothing colour combination make this creation a fashionistas pick. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree is easy to drape and carry all day long. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Peach,SA039WA94PMFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854107.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA92PMHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854113.html,Sattika,Sattika presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and stunning. Made of silk blend this saree is comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well. Featuring a neat finish this saree will look perfect when paired with a kundan necklace set. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA86PMNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Pink-Saree-854115.html,Sattika,Classy and appealing this pink coloured saree from Sattika is a smart pick for work. The striking print and eye-catching colour combination make this creation a fashionistas pick. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree is easy to drape and carry all day long. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,SA039WA84PMPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854125.html,Sattika,Vibrant and exquisite this multicoloured saree from Sattika will certainly highlight your feminine charm. The gorgeous print on this saree makes it an ultimate pick to don a classy appearance. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and comfortable to carry. It comes with a 0.80 m matching blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA74PMZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854129.html,Sattika,Elegant and classy is this multicoloured saree from Sattika. The stylish border and beautifully printed pallu bring out an element of contrast in this designer saree. Made from silk blend this saree is easy to drape and features subtle sheen. Measuring 5.5 m this saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA70PNDINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Cream-Saree-854131.html,Sattika,Make a stylish addition to your ethnic wear collection with this cream coloured saree from Sattika. The beautifully designed border and the pallu make this saree a must-have for fashionable women on the go. The eye-catching print all over and subtle sheen will catch your fancy at a single glance. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree is easy to drape. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,SA039WA68PNFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Off-White-Saree-854133.html,Sattika,Designed to impress fashion-conscious women this multicoloured saree from Sattika will make you look your ethnic best courtesy its striped border colourful floral print on the border and pallu and eye-catching field. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Off White,SA039WA66PNHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854135.html,Sattika,Look classy and elegant wearing this multicoloured saree from Sattika. The trendy stripes and beautifully designed pallu make this saree a must-have in your ethnic wear collection. Made from silk blend this saree is easy to drape and features subtle sheen. Team it with beaded accessories and a clutch to look nothing but the best. It measures 5.5 m and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA64PNJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Green-Saree-854139.html,Sattika,Bright and appealing is this green coloured saree from Sattika. The cute and funky print on the border will surely get you noticed. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree features subtle sheen and is easy to drape as well. Team it with beaded accessories to stand out in the crowd. This designer saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Green,SA039WA60PNNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854143.html,Sattika,Do away with clich prints and make a welcome addition to your ethnic wear collection with this multicoloured saree from Sattika. Showcasing a trendy check pattern striped border and colourful design this 5.5 m saree will lend you a classy and elegant look. It is made from silk blend and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA56PNRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Silk-Blend-Multi-Saree-854145.html,Sattika,The traditional look combined with some modern elements makes this multicoloured saree from Sattika a must-have for fashion-conscious women. The eye-catching self-patterned pallu and the border will lend you a look worth flaunting. The golden leafy motifs all over and subtle sheen enhance the appeal of this 5.5 m saree. Made from silk blend this saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,SA039WA54PNTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Georgette-Pink-Saree-854151.html,Sattika,To complement your graceful demeanour Sattika presents this saree. Beautifully embellished and exhibiting embroidered motifs this saree will become your favourite in just no time. Team this georgette saree with a necklace set and high heels while heading to an evening soiree. This saree measures 5.5 m and comes with a 0.8 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,SA039WA48PNZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Georgette-Yellow-Saree-854155.html,Sattika,A gorgeous ethnic pick for this festive season is this yellow saree from Sattika. Besides having an exquisite design this saree promises sheer comfort too courtesy its georgette fabric. This saree measures 6.3 m including a 0.8 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,GENTLE WASH,,Yellow,SA039WA44PODINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Sleeve-Less-Camilla-Top-Red-854157.html,River Island,A voguish pick for casual hangouts with friends is this red top from River Island. Best worn with dark denims this regular-fit top is pure comfort too courtesy its polyester fabric.,Tank Tops,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,RI264WA42POFINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Annie-Longline-Cardi-854159.html,River Island,,,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Dark Grey,RI264WA40POHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Color-Block-Bikini-Top-854161.html,River Island,Get ready to say hello to beaches this summer in this pink bustier bikini top from River Island. Designed with moulded cups and black piping this colour-blocked bikini top will certainly garner you oodles of attention. It is made from nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,RI264WA38POJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Color-Block-High-Waist-Brief-854163.html,River Island,Get ready to say hello to beaches this summer in these pink high-waist briefs for women from River Island. Made from nylon spandex fabric and designed with colour block styling this briefs will not only garner you oodles of attention but will also keep you comfortable through and through.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,RI264WA36POLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Daisy-3D-Moulded-Triangle-Top-854165.html,River Island,Get wet get mischievous on the beach this sweltering summer wearing this sexy black bikini top from River Island. Styled with moulded cups and eye-catching 3D-flower embellishment this bikini top will not only assure a titillating draw but sheer comfort too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,RI264WA34PONINDFAS,,,,Get wet get mischievous on the beach this sweltering summer wearing this sexy black bikini top from River Island. Styled with moulded cups and eye-catching 3D-flower embellishment this bikini top will not only assure a titillating draw but sheer comfort too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Daisy-Tie-Side-Brief-854167.html,River Island,Make your beach holiday all the more fun and sexy by slipping into these black coloured beachwear briefs for women from River Island. Made from a blend of nylon and spandex these briefs feature a cute floral design. All you need with them is a matching bra and a sexy sarong that will make you look uber hot.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,RI264WA32POPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Metallic-Winston-Moulded-Triangle-854169.html,River Island,Introduce a chic glam quotient to your poolside vogue with this gold coloured bikini top from River Island. Styled with gold-tone metallic trims for that eyesome appeal this bikini top is oh-so-comfortable too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Golden,RI264WA30PORINDFAS,,,,Introduce a chic glam quotient to your poolside vogue with this gold coloured bikini top from River Island. Styled with gold-tone metallic trims for that eyesome appeal this bikini top is oh-so-comfortable too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Metallic-Brief-854171.html,River Island,Introduce a chic glam quotient to your poolside vogue with these briefs from River Island. Styled with gold-tone metallic trims for that eyesome appeal these briefs are oh-so-comfortable too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Golden,RI264WA28POTINDFAS,,,,Introduce a chic glam quotient to your poolside vogue with these briefs from River Island. Styled with gold-tone metallic trims for that eyesome appeal these briefs are oh-so-comfortable too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Leila-Print-Fringe-Bandeau-854173.html,River Island,Relish your time on the beachside while holidaying wearing this super funky black coloured bikini top by River Island. All eyes will be on you when you flaunt your well-tonedbody in this sexy piece of beachwear. It will surely keep you comfortable as it is made from nylon spandex material.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,RI264WA26POVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Leila-Print-Fringe-Brief-854175.html,River Island,Get wet get mischievous on the beach this sweltering summer wearing these sexy black bikini bottoms from River Island. Styled with tassel trims and eye-catching floral print these bikini bottoms will not only assure a titillating draw but sheer comfort too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,RI264WA24POXINDFAS,,,,Get wet get mischievous on the beach this sweltering summer wearing these sexy black bikini bottoms from River Island. Styled with tassel trims and eye-catching floral print these bikini bottoms will not only assure a titillating draw but sheer comfort too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Orion-Print-Tennessee-Bustier-854177.html,River Island,Get wet get mischievous on the beach this sweltering summer wearing this sexy black bustier bikini top from River Island. Styled with moulded cups and eye-catching floral print this bikini top will not only assure a titillating draw but sheer comfort too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,RI264WA22POZINDFAS,,,,Get wet get mischievous on the beach this sweltering summer wearing this sexy black bustier bikini top from River Island. Styled with moulded cups and eye-catching floral print this bikini top will not only assure a titillating draw but sheer comfort too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Tennesee-Mid-Rise-Brief-854179.html,River Island,Get wet get mischievous on the beach this sweltering summer by wearing these sexy black bikini bottoms from River Island. Styled with eye-catching floral print these bikini bottoms will not only assure a titillating draw but sheer comfort too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,RI264WA20PPBINDFAS,,,,Get wet get mischievous on the beach this sweltering summer by wearing these sexy black bikini bottoms from River Island. Styled with eye-catching floral print these bikini bottoms will not only assure a titillating draw but sheer comfort too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Doris-Spilt-Side-Brief-854181.html,River Island,Get your poolside vogue right this summer with these black briefs from River Island. These briefs not only have an enticing design but are pure comfort too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,RI264WA18PPDINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Doris-Halter-Necklace-Bikini-854183.html,River Island,Introduce a chic glam quotient to your poolside vogue with this black coloured halter bikini top from River Island. Styled with gold-tone metallic necklace trim for that eyesome appeal this bikini top is oh-so-comfortable too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,RI264WA16PPFINDFAS,,,,Introduce a chic glam quotient to your poolside vogue with this black coloured halter bikini top from River Island. Styled with gold-tone metallic necklace trim for that eyesome appeal this bikini top is oh-so-comfortable too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Long-Sleeve-Suzy-Swing-Dress-854187.html,River Island,River Island presents this grey coloured dress that will be a versatile addition to every womans wardrobe. Fashioned from polyester spandex this regular-fit dress will certainly accentuate your curvaceous figure. Furthermore this dress can be worn separately or teamed with your winter layers.,Skater Dresses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,RI264WA12PPJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Mini,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Neon-Orange-Dakota-Bikini-Top-854191.html,River Island,Introduce a chic glam quotient to your poolside vogue with this orange coloured bandeau bikini top from River Island. Styled with gold-tone metallic zip detailing for that eyesome appeal this bikini top is oh-so-comfortable too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,RI264WA08PPNINDFAS,,,,Introduce a chic glam quotient to your poolside vogue with this orange coloured bandeau bikini top from River Island. Styled with gold-tone metallic zip detailing for that eyesome appeal this bikini top is oh-so-comfortable too courtesy the nylon spandex fabric.,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Neon-Oange-Brief-854193.html,River Island,Infuse some bright and beautiful colours into your lingerie collection with this orange coloured panty from River Island. This panty is perfect to be worn with low-waist jeans or bodycon dresses and even on the beach. Made from nylon spandex this panty is light in weight and super soft.,Bikinis,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,RI264WA06PPPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Lime-Bandeau-Beach-Playsuit-854199.html,River Island,Show off some skin by slipping into this lemon coloured jumpsuit for women from River Island. Made from polyester this bandeau jumpsuit is a trendy summer wear that can be styled in a number of ways. You can team this jumpsuit with simple flip-flops or any other flats to complete your casual look.,,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Lemon,RI264WA00PPVINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Callie-Boucle-Top-854205.html,River Island,,Blouses,ACRYLIC BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,RI264WA94PQBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Navy-Blue-Kurta-854219.html,W,A stylish update on the sartorial look is this navy blue coloured kurtaby W. Designed with absolute perfection this acrylic kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,XW574WA80PQPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Red-Kurta-854221.html,W,Experience pure comfort when wearing this kurtafrom W. Made from acrylic this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,XW574WA78PQRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Brown-Kurta-854225.html,W,Look stunningly chic when wearing thiskurtafrom W. Made from acrylic this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting look.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,XW574WA74PQVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Green-Kurta-854229.html,W,Jet from day to night with ease when you wear this,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Turquoise,XW574WA70PQZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Blue-Kurta-854231.html,W,Sizzle in style wearing thiskurtaby W. Thiskurtais made from acrylic which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,XW574WA68PRBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Blue-Kurta-854237.html,W,Play up girly elements correctly wearing this kurtaby W. Designed with absolute perfection thisacrylic Kurtais soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,XW574WA62PRHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Black-Kurta-854239.html,W,Make other girls go green when wearing this black coloured kurtafrom W. Made from acrylic this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice in attire.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,XW574WA60PRJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Brown-Kurta-854243.html,W,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing this brown coloured kurtaby W. Designed with absolute perfection this acrylic kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractive kurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,XW574WA56PRNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Grey-Knit-Sweater-854261.html,W,Beat the chill in style by wearing something exclusive like this grey coloured long cardigan by W. Fashioned from acrylic this knitted cardigan will keep you warm and comfortable throughout the day. Wear this regular-fit cardigan over a dress or a top with jeans for a stunning look.,,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,XW574WA38PSFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Black-Knit-Sweater-854263.html,W,Beat the chill in style by wearing something exclusive like this black coloured long cardigan by W. Fashioned from acrylic this knitted cardigan will keep you warm and comfortable throughout the day. Wear this regular-fit cardigan over a dress or a top with jeans for a stunning look.,,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,XW574WA36PSHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Black-Knit-Sweater-854267.html,W,Make an impression on your friends wearing this voguish cardigan from W. Black in colour this regular-fit cardigan features a shawl collar that adds to its distinct style. Fashioned from acrylic this knitted cardigan promises to keep you cosy all day long. Wear it over a shirt with pants for a chic look.,,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,XW574WA32PSLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Shawl Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Brown-Knit-Sweater-854271.html,W,Make an impression on your friends wearing this voguish cardigan from W. Brown in colour this regular-fit cardigan features a shawl collar that adds to its distinct style. Fashioned from acrylic this knitted cardigan promises to keep you cosy all day long. Wear it over a shirt with pants for a chic look.,,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,XW574WA28PSPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Beige-Solid-Churidar-854277.html,W,Jet from day to night with ease as you wear this churidar from the house of W. Featuring a mesmerising print all over it is sure to add grace to your personality. For a balanced ethnic look club this churidarwith a subtle kurta and Kolhapuri chappals.,Churidar,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,XW574WA22PSVINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/divina-Jaquard-Blue-Kurti-854279.html,Divina,Keep your look fresh when you wear this blue coloured kurtaby Divina. This kurtais made from jacquard which ensures complete comfort and breathability to its wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice in attire.,Kurti,Jaquard,,,Blue,DI751WA20PSXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/divina-Jaquard-Yellow-Kurti-854281.html,Divina,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing this yellow coloured kurtaby Divina. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft jaquard fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Jaquard,,,Yellow,DI751WA18PSZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/divina-Jaquard-Pink-Kurti-854283.html,Divina,To shock and stun wear this kurta in pink from the house of Divina. Designed to absolute perfection this jacquard kurtais soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Jaquard,,,Pink,DI751WA16PTBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/divina-Jaquard-Black-Kurti-854287.html,Divina,Flaunt a nonchalant look wearing this black coloured kurta by Divina. Made from Jacquard fabric this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Jaquard,,,Black,DI751WA12PTFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shibori-designs-Pink-Dresses-854971.html,Shibori Designs,A stylish update on the sartorial look is this dressby Shibori Designs. This attractive dress is the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,Cotton,,,Pink,SH362WA28QTNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Scoop Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Printed-Dress-854973.html,Global Desi,,Shift Dresses,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA26QTPINDFAS,Sleeveless,High Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Flared-854975.html,Global Desi,Go boho this fashion season by wearing this black coloured skirt for women from the fashion house of Global Desi. Made from viscose this full-length skirt has contemporary print which makes it a must have in your wardrobe. You can team it with a black top to complete your fashion forward look.,Flared,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA24QTRINDFAS,,,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Kurta-854977.html,Global Desi,Stow away your old stuff wearing this black coloured kurta by Global Desi. Designed with absolute perfection this viscose kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA22QTTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Orange-Printed-Top-854979.html,Global Desi,Pull together a chic look as you wear this orangetopfrom the house of Global Desi. Made from polyester this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GL063WA20QTVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Blend-Pink-Kurta-854981.html,Global Desi,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing this pink coloured kurta by Global Desi. Designed with absolute perfection thispolyester blend kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,GL063WA18QTXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Blend-Cream-Kurta-854983.html,Global Desi,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road as you wear thiskurta from the house of Global Desi. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and the soft polyester blend fabric will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,GL063WA16QTZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Blend-Beige-Kurta-854985.html,Global Desi,Dress up your summer sensibility wearingthis beige coloured kurta by Global Desi. Made from polyester blend it ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,GL063WA14QUBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Blend-Maroon-Kurta-854987.html,Global Desi,Flaunt a nonchalant look as you wear this kurtafrom the house of Global Desi. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft polyester blend fabric. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,GL063WA12QUDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Blue-Printed-Dress-854989.html,Global Desi,,Shift Dresses,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GL063WA10QUFINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-SpandexStretchable-Black-Solid-Top-854991.html,Global Desi,Bring out the best in you wearing this black coloured top from the house of Global Desi. Made of polyester spandex this top is super comfortable to wear and skin friendly as well. Featuring regular fit this top will definitely fetch you a lot of compliments.,Blouses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA08QUHINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Orange-Printed-Salwar-854993.html,Global Desi,<p>Look stunning in summer when wearing these multicoloured 3/4ths&nbsp,Salwar,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GL063WA06QUJINDFAS,,,3/4th Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Blend-Orange-Kurta-854995.html,Global Desi,Make the guys forget the world as you wear this kurtain orange colourfrom the house of Global Desi. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft polyester blend will keep you comfortable. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GL063WA04QULINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Cotton-Off-White-Embroidered-Dress-854997.html,Global Desi,,Shift Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Off White,GL063WA02QUNINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Black-Solid-Salwar-854999.html,Global Desi,<p>Jet from casual to conservative and&nbsp,Salwar,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA00QUPINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Printed-Dress-855001.html,Global Desi,,Shift Dresses,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA98QURINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Kurta-855003.html,Global Desi,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion wearing thiskurtaby Global Desi. Made from viscose this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA96QUTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Magenta-Printed-Top-855005.html,Global Desi,Add a splash of colour to your wardrobe with this magenta coloured top from the house of Global Desi. Made of polyester this top is quite comfortable to wear and skin friendly as well. Featuring regular fit this printed top looks quite appealing.,Blouses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Magenta,GL063WA94QUVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Kurta-855007.html,Global Desi,Play up girly elements correctly wearing this black coloured kurta by Global Desi. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and the soft viscose fabricwill keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA92QUXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Beige-Kurta-855009.html,Global Desi,Update your casual wardrobe this summerwearing this beautiful kurtaby Global Desi. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft viscose fabric.,Kurta,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,GL063WA90QUZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Beige-Printed-Dress-855011.html,Global Desi,Make the guys forget the world wearing this beige coloureddressby Global Desi. Made of premium quality viscose this dressis high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,GL063WA88QVBINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Blend-Blue-Kurta-855013.html,Global Desi,Flaunt a nonchalant look wearing this blue coloured kurtaby Global Desi. Made from polyester blend it ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. When worn with a dupatta and salwar itwill further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GL063WA86QVDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Solid-Top-855015.html,Global Desi,,Blouses,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA84QVFINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Flared-855017.html,Global Desi,Look striking and stunning wearing this black coloured skirt from the house of Global Desi. Made of viscose this skirt is long-lasting and skin friendly as well. Featuring regular fit this skirt will look perfect when paired with a white coloured kurti.,Flared,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA82QVHINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Beige-Trouser-855019.html,Global Desi,Play up your girly elements correctly by wearing these beige coloured trousers from the house of Global Desi. Featuring a mesmerising print all over it is sure to add grace to your personality. Wear it with strappy ethnic flats for a simple look.,,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,GL063WA80QVJINDFAS,,,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Solid-Top-855021.html,Global Desi,,Blouses,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA78QVLINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Blue-Printed-Top-855023.html,Global Desi,Make a distinct style statement wearing this blue coloured crop top from the house of Global Desi. Made of viscose this top is super comfortable to wear. Featuring regular fit this printed crop top will help you make a stellar impact on people around you.,Blouses,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GL063WA76QVNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Cotton-Orange-Kurta-855025.html,Global Desi,Stow away your old stuff wearing this orange coloured kurta by Global Desi. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular your curves and the soft cotton fabric will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GL063WA74QVPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Cotton-Mustard-Yellow-Kurta-855027.html,Global Desi,,Kurti,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Mustard Yellow,GL063WA72QVRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Rust-Solid-Dress-855029.html,Global Desi,,Shift Dresses,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Rust,GL063WA70QVTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Red-Kurta-855031.html,Global Desi,Pull together a chic look when you wear this red coloured kurta by Global Desi. Designed with absolute perfection thisviscose kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease.,Kurta,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,GL063WA68QVVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Blend-Blue-Kurta-855033.html,Global Desi,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style wearing blue coloured kurta by Global Desi. Designed with absolute perfection this polyester blend kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GL063WA66QVXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Blue-Kurta-855035.html,Global Desi,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side wearing this kurta by Global Desi. Made from viscose this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GL063WA64QVZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Blend-Pink-Printed-Pallazzo-855037.html,Global Desi,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion by wearing these pink coloured palazzo pants from the house of Global Desi. Lending you all the comfort and elegance that you desire it&#39,,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,GL063WA62QWBINDFAS,,,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Georgette-Pink-Printed-Dress-855039.html,Global Desi,Increase your glam quotient wearing this pink coloured dress from the house of Global Desi. Made of poly georgette this dress is super comfortable to wear and skin friendly too. Featuring regular fit this printed dress will look perfect when paired with gladiators.,Shift Dresses,POLYESTER GEORGETTE,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,GL063WA60QWDINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Polyester-Georgette-Pink-Printed-Jumpsuit-855041.html,Global Desi,Global Desi presents this pink coloured jumpsuit which will make you look quite glamorous. Made of poly georgette this jumpsuit will keep you comfortable all day long. Featuring regular fit this printed jumpsuit is an ideal daily wear.,,POLYESTER GEORGETTE,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,GL063WA58QWFINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-855043.html,Global Desi,Take your winter vogue to the next level with this black jacket from Global Desi. While the embroidered accents highlight its fashion appeal the polyester fabric assures pure comfort and warmth. This jacket comes in regular fit.,Jackets,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA56QWHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Global_Desi-Viscose-Black-Solid-Top-855045.html,Global Desi,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this black coloured crop topfrom the house of Global Desi. While the black colour adds to your feminine charm the attractive print will give your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GL063WA54QWJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855379.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive orange colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the georgette fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Orange,FA682WA20RJFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855381.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive cream colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the georgette fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,FA682WA18RJHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855383.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive green colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the georgette fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,FA682WA16RJJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855385.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive black colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the georgette fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Black,FA682WA14RJLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Peach-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855387.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive peach colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the georgette fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Peach,FA682WA12RJNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855391.html,Fabdeal,Recreate a magical aura wearing this green coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal. Made from chanderi this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.00 m) a dupatta (2.20m) and bottom (2.10 m).,,CHANDERI,Dry Clean Only,,Green,FA682WA08RJRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855393.html,Fabdeal,Recreate a magical aura wearing this pink coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal. Made from chanderi this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.00 m) a dupatta (2.20m) and bottom (2.10 m).,,CHANDERI,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,FA682WA06RJTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855395.html,Fabdeal,Recreate a magical aura wearing this blue coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal. Made from chanderi this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.00 m) a dupatta (2.20m) and bottom (2.10 m).,,CHANDERI,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,FA682WA04RJVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-White-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855401.html,Fabdeal,Recreate a magical aura wearing this white coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal. Made from chanderi this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.00 m) a dupatta (2.20m) and bottom (2.10 m).,,CHANDERI,Dry Clean Only,,White,FA682WA98RKBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855403.html,Fabdeal,Recreate a magical aura wearing this red coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal. Made from chanderi this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.00 m) a dupatta (2.20m) and bottom (2.10 m).,,CHANDERI,Dry Clean Only,,Red,FA682WA96RKDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855405.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive blue colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the georgette fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,FA682WA94RKFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Brown-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855407.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive brown colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the georgette fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Brown,FA682WA92RKHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855413.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive pink colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,FA682WA86RKNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Off-White-Embroidered-Dress-Material-855415.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive off white colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Off White,FA682WA84RKPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Full-Sleeve-Kurtas-855425.html,Duke,Look different and stay comfortable this winter by wearing this purple coloured kurta from Duke. Featuring fine embroidery on the front this kurta will certainly make you look pretty and fashionable. Made from acrylic this regular-fit kurta is light in weight and will keep you warm all day long.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA74RKZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Red-Full-Sleeve-Kurtas-855427.html,Duke,Look different and stay comfortable this winter wearing this red coloured kurta from Duke. Featuring fine embroidery on the front this kurta will certainly make you look pretty and fashionable. Made from acrylic this regular-fit kurta is light in weight and will keep you warm all day long.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Red,DU524WA72RLBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Full-Sleeve-Kurtas-855429.html,Duke,A unique look can be attained by getting this black coloured winter kurta from Duke. This full-sleeved kurta is made from acrylic and so will ensure you utmost warmth and comfort. Featuring a mandarin collar this kurta flaunts vibrant floral embroidery on its neckline. Just team it with a pair of pink leggings to complete your attire.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA70RLDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-855433.html,Duke,Duke presents this black coloured sweater which is a perfect fusion of class and elegance. Made of acrylic this sweater for women ensures great comfort. Featuring regular fit this sweater will keep you warm and cosy throughout the day.,,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA66RLHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Full-Sleeve-Kurtas-855435.html,Duke,The exquisite embroidery in vibrant hues makes this purple coloured kurta from Duke a beautiful inclusion in your ethnic wear collection. Made from acrylic this regular-fit kurta is light in weight and warm. Team it with woollen leggings and you are ready to face extreme temperature in style.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA64RLJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Full-Sleeve-Kurtas-855437.html,Duke,You can get this black coloured winter kurta by Duke for your mother. Made from acrylic it will be warm and comfortable to wear. She will especially like the embroidery made all over it. It is an ideal pick that she can wear inwinters with black leggings and a stole to fetch an elegant look.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA62RLLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Full-Sleeve-Kurtas-855439.html,Duke,A unique look can be attained by getting this purple coloured winter kurta from Duke. This full-sleeved regular-fit kurta is made from acrylic and so will ensure you utmost warmth and comfort. Featuring a mandarin collar this kurta flaunts vibrant floral embroidery that will lend you a noticeable look. Just team it with a pair of pink leggings to complete your attire.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA60RLNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Beige-Full-Sleeve-Kurtas-855441.html,Duke,,Kurta,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Beige,DU524WA58RLPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Full-Sleeve-Kurtas-855443.html,Duke,The exquisite embroidery on this black coloured kurta lends a classy touch to it and makes it a fabulous pick to enjoy winters in style. Moreover the acrylic material and regular fit will ensure utmost comfort and warmth. Pair this kurta from Duke with woollen leggings and look pretty on any occasion.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA56RLRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Grey-Full-Sleeve-Kurta-Kurti-855445.html,Duke,Add something unique to your winter wardrobe in the form of this grey coloured,Kurta,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Grey,DU524WA54RLTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Wine-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-855447.html,Duke,The exquisite embroidery on this wine coloured kurta lends a classy touch to it and makes it a fabulous pick to enjoy winters in style. Moreover the acrylic material and regular fit will ensure utmost comfort and warmth. Pair this kurta from Duke with woollen leggings and look pretty on any occasion.,,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Wine,DU524WA52RLVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Blue-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-855449.html,Duke,,,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Blue,DU524WA50RLXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Maroon-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-855451.html,Duke,,,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Maroon,DU524WA48RLZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Green-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-855453.html,Duke,,,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Green,DU524WA46RMBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-855455.html,Duke,,,Acrylic,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA44RMDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Grey-Sweatshirt-855457.html,Duke,Stay fit and healthy even during winters by getting this smart grey coloured tracksuit for women by Duke. It consists of a full-sleeved and high neck zipper track top and a pair of full length track pants. Made from fleece this tracksuit will be soft against your skin and extremely warm to wear. It is an ideal pick to wear with sports shoes while going for your daily morning jog.,Track Pants,FLEECE,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Grey,DU524WA42RMFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Pink-Track-Suit-855459.html,Duke,Warm and cosy this pink coloured tracksuit from the house of Duke will catch your fancy at once. Made of fleece this tracksuit is quite comfortable to wear. Featuring regular fit this tracksuit will keep you relaxed all day long.,Tracksuits,FLEECE,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Pink,DU524WA40RMHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Pink-Sweatshirt-855463.html,Duke,Stay fit and healthy even during winterby getting this smart pink coloured tracksuit for women by Duke. It consists of a full-sleeved and high neck zipper track top and a pair of full length track pants. Made from fleece this tracksuit will be soft against your skin and extremely warm to wear. It is an ideal pick to wear with sports shoes while going for your daily morning jog.,Track Pants,FLEECE,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Pink,DU524WA36RMLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Half-Sleeve-Top-855465.html,Duke,Make the girls go green as you wear this purple coloured topfrom the house of Duke. Fashioned using polycotton this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA34RMNINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Yellow-Half-Sleeve-Top-855467.html,Duke,Get a stylish update on the sartorial look wearing this yellow coloured topby Duke. Fashioned using polycotton this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured jeansfor a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Yellow,DU524WA32RMPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Green-Half-Sleeve-Top-855469.html,Duke,Get in touch with your feminine side when you wear this green coloured topby Duke. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polycotton. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with jeans and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Green,DU524WA30RMRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Half-Sleeve-Top-855471.html,Duke,<p>Revamp your wardrobe for the summer wearing this purple coloured top&nbsp,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA28RMTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Half-Sleeve-Top-855473.html,Duke,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe as you wear this top in black colour from the house of Duke. Made of premium quality polycotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA26RMVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Yellow-Half-Sleeve-Top-855475.html,Duke,Make the girls go green as you wear this top in yellow colour from the house of Duke. While the yellow colour adds to your feminine charm the stylegives your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured jeans for a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Yellow,DU524WA24RMXINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Orange-Sleeve-Less-Top-855477.html,Duke,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness wearing this orange coloured topby Duke. Made from polycotton this top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Orange,DU524WA22RMZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Pink-Sleeve-Less-Top-855479.html,Duke,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style as you wear this topin pink colour from the house of Duke. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polycotton. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Pink,DU524WA20RNBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Blue-Half-Sleeve-Top-855481.html,Duke,Style up your weekend look this season with this multicoloured top from Duke. Designed with an eye-catching print this regular-fit top is pure comfort too courtesy its polycotton fabric.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Blue,DU524WA18RNDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Style up your weekend look this season with this multicoloured top from Duke. Designed with an eye-catching print this regular-fit top is pure comfort too courtesy its polycotton fabric.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Red-Half-Sleeve-Top-855483.html,Duke,,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Red,DU524WA16RNFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Peach-Half-Sleeve-Top-855485.html,Duke,Shun the shackles of bygone fashion wearing this peach coloured topby Duke. Fashioned using polycotton this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Peach,DU524WA14RNHINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Half-Sleeve-Top-855487.html,Duke,Stow away your old stuff as you wear this topin purple colour from the house of Duke. Fashioned using polycotton this topwill keep you comfortableall day long. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA12RNJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Pink-Trackpant-855491.html,Duke,Add comfort and efficacy to your fitness routine by wearing these pink coloured track pants for women by Duke. Fashioned from cotton spandex these regular-fit track pants are stretchable and will keep you sweat free. Featuring an elasticated waistband these track pants will ensure a snug fit.,Track Pants,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Pink,DU524WA08RNNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Red-Trackpant-855493.html,Duke,Add comfort and efficacy to your fitness routine by wearing these red coloured track pants for women by Duke. Fashioned from cotton spandex these regular-fit track pants are stretchable and will keep you sweat free. Featuring an elasticated waistband these track pants will ensure a snug fit.,Track Pants,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Red,DU524WA06RNPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Full-Sleeve-Top-855495.html,Duke,Classy and trendy this black coloured top from Duke is all you need to set new fashion standards and look fabulous on any casual occasion. The design on this regular-fit top lends a stylish touch to it while the polycotton fabric makes it comfortable to wear.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA04RNRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Blue-full-Sleeve-Top-855497.html,Duke,,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Blue,DU524WA02RNTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Orange-Full-Sleeve-Top-855499.html,Duke,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion wearing this orange coloured topfrom the house of Duke. Made from polycotton this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured jeans for a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Orange,DU524WA00RNVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Full-Sleeve-Top-855501.html,Duke,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road as you wear this topfrom the house of Duke. While the purple colour adds to your feminine charm the stylegives your overall look some definition. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA98RNXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Yellow-Full-Sleeve-Top-855503.html,Duke,Go floral this weekend wearing this trendy yellow top from Duke. Besides being vibrantly appealing this regular-fit top is high on comfort too courtesy its polycotton fabric.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Yellow,DU524WA96RNZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Full-Sleeve-Top-855505.html,Duke,Go floral this weekend wearing this trendy purple top from Duke with any of your favourite denims to sizzle like a diva. Besides being vibrantly appealing this regular-fit top is high on comfort too courtesy its polycotton fabric.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA94ROBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Grey-Full-Sleeve-Top-855507.html,Duke,Add pizzazz to your look as you wear this grey colouredtopfrom the house of Duke. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polycotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Grey,DU524WA92RODINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Orange-3-4th-Sleeve-Top-855509.html,Duke,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort when you wear this orange coloured topby Duke. While the orange colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Orange,DU524WA90ROFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Grey-Full-Sleeve-Jacket-855511.html,Duke,Shun the shackles of bygone fashion as you wear this grey coloured jacketfrom the house of Duke. Made of premium quality fleece this jacketis highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Designed to perfection this classy jacketwill look great when clubbed with jeans and black boots.,Jackets,FLEECE,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Grey,DU524WA88ROHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Full-Sleeve-Jacket-855513.html,Duke,Shun the shackles of bygone fashion as you wear this black coloured jacketfrom the house of Duke. Made of premium quality fleece this jacketis highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Designed to perfection this classy jacketwill look great when clubbed with jeans and black boots.,Fitted Blazers,FLEECE,GENERAL WASH CARE,Fitted BlazersRegular,Black,DU524WA86ROJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Grey-Full-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-855515.html,Duke,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner with this grey sweatshirt from the latest collection of Duke. Featuring a striking stripe pattern and an interesting applique on the front this hooded sweatshirt has a zip closure on the front. Tailored in regular fit from fleece it is lightweight and skin friendly.,,FLEECE,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Grey,DU524WA84ROLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Full-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-855517.html,Duke,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner with this purple sweatshirt from the latest collection of Duke. Featuring a striking stripe pattern and an interesting applique on the front this hooded sweatshirt has a zip closure on the front. Tailored in regular fit from fleece it is lightweight and skin friendly.,,FLEECE,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA82RONINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Full-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-855519.html,Duke,For women who like to experiment with a fresh style this black coloured sweatshirt from Duke is a must-buy. This regular-fit hoodie is extremely comfortable to wear and will keep you warm courtesy its cotton fleece fabric. Featuring a stripe pattern this sweatshirt will look best when teamed with jeans and sneakers.,,COTTON FLEECE,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA80ROPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Brown-Full-Sleeve-Sweatshirt-855521.html,Duke,For women who like to experiment with a fresh style this brown coloured sweatshirt from Duke is a must-buy. This regular-fit hoodie is extremely comfortable to wear and will keep you warm courtesy its cotton fleece fabric. Featuring a stripe pattern this sweatshirt will look best when teamed with jeans and sneakers.,,COTTON FLEECE,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Brown,DU524WA78RORINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Trackpant-855523.html,Duke,Duke presents these black coloured track pants that are a must-have in the wardrobe of all the fitness-conscious women. These regular-fit track pants are extremely comfortable to wear courtesy the polycotton fabric. Furthermore the soft elasticated waistband will ensure a snug and perfect fit.,Track Pants,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA76ROTINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Trackpant-855525.html,Duke,Add comfort and efficacy to your fitness routine by wearing these track pants for women by Duke. Fashioned from polycotton these regular-fit track pants will keep you at utmost ease throughout. Featuring an elasticated waistband these track pants will ensure a snug fit.,Track Pants,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA74ROVINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Blue-Trackpant-855527.html,Duke,Duke presents these blue coloured track pants that are a must-have in the wardrobe of all the fitness-conscious women. These regular-fit track pants are extremely comfortable to wear courtesy the polycotton fabric. Furthermore the soft elasticated waistband will ensure a snug and perfect fit.,Track Pants,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Blue,DU524WA72ROXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Trackpant-855529.html,Duke,Duke presents these purple coloured track pants that are a must-have in the wardrobe of all the fitness-conscious women. These regular-fit track pants are extremely comfortable to wear courtesy the polycotton fabric. Furthermore the soft elasticated waistband will ensure a snug and perfect fit.,Track Pants,POLY COTTON,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA70ROZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Winter-Jackets-855531.html,Duke,,Jackets,Cotton,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA68RPBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Green-Winter-Jackets-855533.html,Duke,Get ready to showcase your smartest look this season by putting on this green coloured jacket for women by Duke. This hooded jacket will be perfectly warm and cosy to wear owing to its cotton make. Wear it with a pair of blue jeans and ankle length boots to stay warm and look stylish at the same time.,Jackets,Cotton,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Green,DU524WA66RPDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Blue-Winter-Jackets-855535.html,Duke,Let this winter see you step out with friends looking smart in this blue jacket from Duke. Made from soft and warm cotton fabric this regular-fit jacket can be worn with both casual and semi-casual outfits.,Jackets,Cotton,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Blue,DU524WA64RPFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Brown-Winter-Jackets-855537.html,Duke,,Jackets,Cotton,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Brown,DU524WA62RPHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Khaki-Winter-Jackets-855539.html,Duke,,Jackets,Cotton,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Khaki,DU524WA60RPJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Red-Winter-Jackets-855541.html,Duke,,Jackets,Cotton,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Red,DU524WA58RPLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Winter-Jackets-855543.html,Duke,Make sure you look your stylish best this winter wearing this black coloured jacket for women from Duke. Fashioned from cotton this regular-fit hoodie will keep you cosy and comfortable all day long. Wear this jacket over a dress or top as per your choice.,Jackets,Cotton,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA56RPNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Brown-Winter-Jackets-855545.html,Duke,Make a stylish addition to your winter wardrobe with this brown coloured jacket from Duke. Featuring bold buttons trendy attached fabric belt ribbed pockets and a hem this full-sleeved jacket will surely get you noticed. Made from cotton this regular-fit jacket is both comfortable and cosy.,Jackets,Cotton,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Brown,DU524WA54RPPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Green-Winter-Jackets-855547.html,Duke,,Jackets,NYLON BLEND,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Green,DU524WA52RPRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Purple-Winter-Jackets-855549.html,Duke,A wardrobe staple for this winter is this purple jacket from Duke. This regular-fit jacket not only has a modish design but is also soft and lightweight courtesy its nylon blend fabric.,Jackets,NYLON BLEND,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Purple,DU524WA50RPTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Winter-Jackets-855551.html,Duke,,Jackets,NYLON BLEND,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA48RPVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Green-Winter-Jackets-855553.html,Duke,,Jackets,NYLON BLEND,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Green,DU524WA46RPXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Black-Winter-Jackets-855555.html,Duke,,Long Coats,Velvet,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Black,DU524WA44RPZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/duke-Camel-Winter-Jackets-855557.html,Duke,Define your formal and semi-formal winter silhouette with this fashionable camel coloured coat from Duke. Smartly tailored for the modish you this velvet coat is pure lightweight comfort too. It comes in regular fit.,Long Coats,Velvet,GENERAL WASH CARE,Regular,Camel,DU524WA42RQBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Multi-Printed-Top-855767.html,La Arista,Keep your look lively wearing this multicoloured top from the house of La Arista. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Multi,AR417WA32RYDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Pink-Printed-Top-855769.html,La Arista,Keep your look lively wearing this pink coloured top from the house of La Arista. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,AR417WA30RYFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Multi-Printed-Top-855771.html,La Arista,Keep your look lively wearing this multicoloured top from the house of La Arista. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,HAND WASH,Regular,Multi,AR417WA28RYHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Multi-Printed-Top-855773.html,La Arista,Keep your look lively wearing this multicoloured top from the house of La Arista. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,HAND WASH,Regular,Multi,AR417WA26RYJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Multi-Printed-Top-855775.html,La Arista,Keep your look lively wearing this multicoloured top from the house of La Arista. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,HAND WASH,Regular,Multi,AR417WA24RYLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Beige-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-With-Ruching-At-Neck-855791.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Beige,HE167WA08RZBINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Blue-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-With-Ruching-At-Neck-855793.html,Heart 2 Heart,Wear this blue coloured camisole to make your nights comfortable and days confident. This camisole promises a sexy appearance when clubbed with hot pants and a decent one when worn beneath sheer shirts. The ruching on the front further adds a fun element to it. Made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex this camisole from Heart 2 Heart is a soft treat for your skin.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Blue,HE167WA06RZDINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Fuchsia-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855795.html,Heart 2 Heart,Wear this,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Fuchsia,HE167WA04RZFINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Lemon-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-With-Ruching-At-Neck-855797.html,Heart 2 Heart,An ideal pick for layering or to be worn alone this lemon coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart will certainly lend you a comfortable feel with a hint of femininity to flaunt. The colour design and the material (blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex) of this camisole screech to include it in your wardrobe.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Lemon,HE167WA02RZHINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Red-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-With-Ruching-At-Neck-855799.html,Heart 2 Heart,Wear this red coloured camisole to make your nights comfortable and days confident. Made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex this camisole from Heart 2 Heart is a soft treat for your skin. You can also wear it with hot pants for a sexy appearance.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Red,HE167WA00RZJINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Yellow-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855801.html,Heart 2 Heart,Wear this yellow coloured camisole to make your nights comfortable and days confident. This camisole promises a sexy appearance when clubbed with hot pants and a decent one when worn beneath sheer shirts. The ruching on the front further adds a fun element to it. Made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex this camisole from Heart 2 Heart is a soft treat for your skin.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Yellow,HE167WA98RZLINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Beige-Crossback-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855803.html,Heart 2 Heart,Looking at this beige coloured creation from Heart 2 Heartyou will certainly believe that camisoles are not just meant to be worn beneath tops and T-shirts. Be it a beach or a club you can certainly count on this super-classy camisole. The cross straps at the back add a hint of sexiness to this camisole while the blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex makes it a comfortable garment.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Beige,HE167WA96RZNINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Fuchsia-Crossback-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855805.html,Heart 2 Heart,A trendy pick for loungewear this season is this fuchsia coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart. Best worn with trendy shorts this camisole spells pure comfort too courtesy its cotton spandex fabric.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Fuchsia,HE167WA94RZPINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Green-Crossback-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855807.html,Heart 2 Heart,Step out for a stroll to the nearby market wearing this green coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart. Featuring a crossback spaghetti straps this camisole looks stylish. Made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex this camisole is stretchable and comfortable to wear all day long. Team it with a pair of shorts jeans or a short skirt to look perfect.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Green,HE167WA92RZRINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Red-Crossback-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855809.html,Heart 2 Heart,Looking at this red coloured creation from Heart 2 Heart you will certainly believe that camisoles are not just meant to be worn beneath tops and T-shirts. Be it a beach or a club you can certainly count on this super-classy camisole. The cross straps at the back add a hint of sexiness to this camisole while the blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex makes it a comfortable garment.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Red,HE167WA90RZTINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Beige-Lace-Neck-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855811.html,Heart 2 Heart,Wear this biege coloured camisole to make your nights comfortable and days confident. Made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex this camisole from Heart 2 Heart is a soft treat for your skin. You can also wear it with hot pants for a sexy appearance.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Beige,HE167WA88RZVINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Black-Lace-Neck-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855813.html,Heart 2 Heart,An ideal pick for layering or to be worn alone this black coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart will certainly lend you a comfortable feel with a hint of femininity to flaunt. The colour design and the material (a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex) of this camisole screech to include it in your wardrobe.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Black,HE167WA86RZXINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Blue-Lace-Neck-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855815.html,Heart 2 Heart,A hot and sensuous look is not at all difficult to achieve if you have this blue coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart in your wardrobe. Even when you look for utmost comfort at night this camisole will be your best companion. Keeping in mind the soft fabric it is made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Blue,HE167WA84RZZINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Fuchsia-Lace-Neck-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855817.html,Heart 2 Heart,Be it layering or wearing alone this fuchsia coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart will certainly lend you a comfortable feel with a hint of femininity to flaunt. The colour design and the material (a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex) of this camisole screech to include it in your wardrobe.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Fuchsia,HE167WA82SABINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Green-Lace-Neck-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855819.html,Heart 2 Heart,A hot and sensuous look is not at all difficult to achieve if you have this green coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart in your wardrobe. Even when you look for utmost comfort at night this camisole will be your best companion. Keeping in mind the comfort factor it is made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Green,HE167WA80SADINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Red-Lace-Neck-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855821.html,Heart 2 Heart,Designed to be worn as an innerwear loungewear and casual wear this red coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart is a versatile pick for sure. This camisole allows you to stay comfortable and look steamy while cuddling and romancing with your sweetheart. The blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex further makes it soft and skin friendly.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Red,HE167WA78SAFINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Yellow-Lace-Neck-Spagetti-Strap-Camisole-855823.html,Heart 2 Heart,Designed to be worn as an innerwear loungewear and casual wear this yellow coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart is a versatile pick for sure. This camisole allows you to stay comfortable and look steamy while cuddling and romancing with your sweetheart. The blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex further makes it soft and skin friendly.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Yellow,HE167WA76SAHINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Blue-Camisole-With-Transparent-Strap-855825.html,Heart 2 Heart,A camisole like this one from Heart 2 Heart is not just meant to be worn underneath tops and shirts but as a top with your favourite shorts. The transparent straps and pretty design further make this blue coloured camisole look absolutely feminine and classy. Moreover the blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex fabrics makes this camisole super soft and comfortable to wear.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Blue,HE167WA74SAJINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Fuchsia-Camisole-With-Transparent-Strap-855827.html,Heart 2 Heart,A hot and sensuous look is not at all difficult to achieve if you have this fuchsia coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart in your wardrobe. Even when you look for utmost comfort at night this camisole will be your best companion. Keeping in mind the soft fabric it is made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Fuchsia,HE167WA72SALINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Green-Camisole-With-Transparent-Strap-855829.html,Heart 2 Heart,Feel confident to flaunt your sexy figure wearing this green coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart. This camisole will hug your body to enhance your curves and make you look stunning. The transparent straps further make it look classy and interesting. Moreover the blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex makes this camisole super soft and comfortable to wear.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Green,HE167WA70SANINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Red-Camisole-With-Transparent-Strap-855831.html,Heart 2 Heart,A camisole like this one from Heart 2 Heart is not just meant to be worn underneath tops and shirts. The transparent straps and pretty design further make this red coloured camisole look absolutely feminine and classy. Moreover the blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex makes this camisole super soft and comfortable to wear.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Red,HE167WA68SAPINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Yellow-Camisole-With-Transparent-Strap-855833.html,Heart 2 Heart,A camisole like this one from Heart 2 Heart is not just meant to be worn underneath tops and shirts. The transparent straps and pretty design further make this yellow camisole look absolutely feminine and classy. Moreover the blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex makes this camisole super soft and comfortable to wear.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Yellow,HE167WA66SARINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Beige-Camisole-With-Net-At-Shoulder-Back-855835.html,Heart 2 Heart,Heart 2 Heart presents this trendy beige coloured camisole for all young and stylish women out there. Featuring net shoulder and back it is not only elegant in make but also incrediblycomfortable to wear owing to its cotton spandex material.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Beige,HE167WA64SATINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Black-Camisole-With-Net-At-Shoulder-Back-855837.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Black,HE167WA62SAVINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Blue-Camisole-With-Net-At-Shoulder-Back-855839.html,Heart 2 Heart,For a stylish innerwear you must get this blue coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart. Made from cotton spandex this spaghetti neck camisole will keep you comfortable in all kinds of weather. It flaunts a sexy look with net covering at the back and on the shoulders.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Blue,HE167WA60SAXINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Fuchsia-Camisole-With-Net-At-Shoulder-Back-855841.html,Heart 2 Heart,Feel confident to flaunt your sexy figure wearing this fuchsia coloured camisole from Heart 2 Heart. This camisole will hug your body to enhance your curves and make you look stunning. The net detailing at the back and shoulders further makes it look classy and interesting. Moreover the blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex makes this camisole super soft and comfortable to wear.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Fuchsia,HE167WA58SAZINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Green-Camisole-With-Net-At-Shoulder-Back-855843.html,Heart 2 Heart,Heart 2 Heart presents this green coloured camisole which will not only make you look stylish but will also keep you comfortable all night long. Made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex this camisole is skin friendly and long-lasting as well.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Green,HE167WA56SBBINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Red-Camisole-With-Net-At-Shoulder-Back-855845.html,Heart 2 Heart,Heart 2 Heart presents this trendy red coloured camisole for all young and stylish women out there. Featuring net shoulder and back it is not only elegant in make but also incrediblycomfortable to wear owing to its cotton spandex material.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Red,HE167WA54SBDINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Yellow-Camisole-With-Net-At-Shoulder-Back-855847.html,Heart 2 Heart,comfortable to wear owing to its cotton spandex material.,Basic,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),,,Yellow,HE167WA52SBFINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Black-Basic-Panty-855901.html,Quittance,Quittance presents this black coloured panty that is a must-have in your lingerie collection. This regular-fit panty is extremely comfortable to wear courtesy its polyester blend fabric. Not to forget the soft elasticated waistband that further ensures a snug fit.,Basic,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Black,QU570WA98SDHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Multi-Basic-Panty-855903.html,Quittance,Quittance presents this multicolouredpack of 2 panties that is especially designed for you. Fashioned from polyester blend these panties ensure full coverage and are extremely comfortable to wear. Furthermore the soft elasticated waistband ensures a snug and perfect fit.,Basic,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Multi,QU570WA96SDJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Black-Basic-Panty-855929.html,Quittance,Quittance presents this black coloured panty that is a must-have in your lingerie collection. This regular-fit panty is extremely comfortable to wear courtesy its polyester blend fabric. Not to forget the soft elasticated waistband that further ensures a snug fit.,Basic,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Black,QU570WA70SEJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Blue-Basic-Panty-855933.html,Quittance,A perfect fusion of style and comfort this blue coloured panty from Quittance is certainly not to be missed out on. This regular-fit panty ensures full butt coverage and will be invisible under your clothes courtesy its polyester blend fabric. Furthermore this panty is perfect to be worn underneath trousers and skirts.,Basic,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Blue,QU570WA66SENINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Purple-Basic-Panty-855945.html,Quittance,Offering full coverage and utmost comfort this purple coloured panty from Quittance is a perfect pick for daily wear. Fashioned from polyester blend this regular-fit panty will keep you at ease all day long. Furthermore this panty is ideal to be worn underneath skirts shorts and trousers.,Basic,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Purple,QU570WA54SEZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Black-Nightwear-855957.html,Quittance,A soothing nightwear which will lend you an uninterrupted sleep is this black one for women from Quittance. Made from the finest quality of cotton this spaghetti neck nightwear will lend you with unmatchable comfort and relaxation throughout the night.,Night Suits,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,Black,QU570WA42SFLINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Blue-Nightwear-855959.html,Quittance,Quittance presents this blue coloured nightwear which will keep you comfortable and relaxed all night long. Made of cotton this nightwear for women ensures total comfort and maximum brethability. Featuring regular fit this nightwear offers a sound sleep.,Night Suits,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,Blue,QU570WA40SFNINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-White-Nightwear-855965.html,Quittance,Look ultra-sexy and impress your beloved wearing this white coloured nightwear from Quittance. Featuring lace detailing around the neckline and on the hem this strappy nightwear will become your favourite in no time. Fashioned from cotton this regular-fit nightwear will keep you at utmost ease all night long.,Night Suits,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,White,QU570WA34SFTINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Black-Babydoll-855967.html,Quittance,,Babydolls,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Black,QU570WA32SFVINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Nude-Stocking-855977.html,Quittance,Enhance your glamour quotient by wearing this nude coloured pantyhose from Quittance under your short dresses. Thispantyhose is extremely comfortable to wear and will fit you likea second skin courtesy the polyester blend make.,Socks & Stockings,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Skinny,Nude,QU570WA22SGFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Black-Shapewear-855981.html,Quittance,Feel more confident and look more in shape by wearing these black coloured stockings from the house of Quittance. Made from polyester blend material these stockings can be worn under pencil skirts or any other type of fitted bottoms for a smooth supple and balanced appearance of your lower body.,,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Skinny,Black,QU570WA18SGJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Nude-Shapewear-855983.html,Quittance,Feel more confident and look more in shape by wearing these nude coloured stockings from the house of Quittance. Made from polyester blend material these stockings can be worn under pencil skirts or any other type of fitted bottoms for a smooth supple and balanced appearance of your lower body.,,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Skinny,Nude,QU570WA16SGLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Green-Tube-Bra-855989.html,Quittance,Update your intimate apparel wardrobe this season with this beautiful green tube bra from Quittance. The polyester blend fabric of this bra not only offers stretchable comfort and minimal chaffing but also ascertains an easy wash.,Push Up Bra,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Green,QU570WA10SGRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Black-Shapewear-856063.html,Quittance,Flaunt your enviably-toned figure by wearing this black coloured under skirt shapewear from Quittance. Fashioned from polyester blend this regular-fit shapewear will fit you like a second skin and is extremely comfortable to wear. Furthermore this shapewear is ideal to be worn underneath short or knee-length skirts.,,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Black,QU570WA36SJNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Nude-Shapewear-856069.html,Quittance,Hide those tummy flabs and flaunt your enviably-toned butt wearing this nude coloured under skirt shapewear from Quittance. Fashioned from polyester blend this shapewear will form a light under layer which will keep you comfortable throughout. Furthermore this shapewear is ideal to be worn underneath short or knee-length skirts.,,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Nude,QU570WA30SJTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Pink-Shapewear-856071.html,Quittance,Flaunt your enviably-toned figure by wearing this pink coloured under skirt shapewear from Quittance. Fashioned from polyester blend this regular-fit shapewear will fit you like a second skin and is extremely comfortable to wear. Furthermore this shapewear is ideal to be worn underneath short or knee-length skirts.,,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Pink,QU570WA28SJVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-Red-Shapewear-856075.html,Quittance,Flaunt your enviably-toned figure by wearing this red coloured under skirt shapewear from Quittance. Fashioned from polyester blend this regular-fit shapewear will fit you like a second skin and is extremely comfortable to wear. Furthermore this shapewear is ideal to be worn underneath short or knee-length skirts.,,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,Red,QU570WA24SJZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/quittance-White-Shapewear-856077.html,Quittance,Hide those your tummy flaband flaunt your enviably-toned butt wearing this white coloured under skirt shapewear from Quittance. Fashioned from polyester blend this shapewear will form a light under layer which will keep you comfortable throughout the day. Furthermore this shapewear is ideal to be worn underneath short or knee-length skirts.,,Polyester Blend,Hand Wash,Regular,White,QU570WA22SKBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/slumber-jill-White-Single-Short-Set-856109.html,Slumber Jill,Get this white coloured nightwear for women from Slumber Jill to make sure that you sleep well at night and wake up refreshed the next morning. Comprising a T-shirt and shorts this set is made from a blend of spandex and viscose. This nightwear is guaranteed for comfort and softness.,Night Suits,Viscose Spandex(Stretchable),,Regular,White,SL200WA90SLHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Short,,top and bottom,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/slumber-jill-Royal-Single-Short-Set-856111.html,Slumber Jill,Add a dash of style to your lazy Sundays and tiring nights with this trendy blue coloured 2-piece set from Slumber Jill. This regular-fit set is not only high on style but is comfortable to wear too courtesy the viscose spandex fabric. This set comprises top and shorts.,Night Suits,Viscose Spandex(Stretchable),,Regular,Blue,SL200WA88SLJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Short,,top and bottom,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/slumber-jill-Dark-Pink-I-Love-Delhi-Sleepshirt-856113.html,Slumber Jill,Get this pink coloured nightwear for women from Slumber Jill to make sure that you sleep comfortably at night and wake up refreshed the next morning. This I love Delhi sleep shirt is made from cotton jersey that feels really soft against your skin and provides you sound sleep.,Night Suits,Cotton Jersey,,Regular,Pink,SL200WA86SLLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/slumber-jill-Grey-I-Love-Delhi-Sleepshirt-856115.html,Slumber Jill,Get this grey coloured nightwear for women from Slumber Jill to make sure that you sleep well at night and wake up refreshed the next morning. This I love Delhi sleep shirt is made from cotton blend material that feels really soft against your skin and provides you a sound sleep.,Night Suits,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Grey Milange,SL200WA84SLNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/slumber-jill-Pink-I-Love-Mumbai-Sleepshirt-856117.html,Slumber Jill,Get this pink coloured nightwear for women from Slumber Jill to make sure that you sleep well at night and wake up refreshed the next morning. This I love Mumbai sleep shirt is made from cotton jersey that feels really soft against your skin and provides you sound sleep.,Night Suits,Cotton Jersey,,Regular,Pink,SL200WA82SLPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/slumber-jill-Grey-I-Love-Mumbai-Sleepshirt-856119.html,Slumber Jill,Flaunt your love for Mumbai city by wearing this grey coloured sleep shirt from Slimber Jill that reads I love Mumbai. Made from cotton blend material this nightwear for girls has full sleeves and round neck. This sleep shirt is so comfortable to wear that you are sure to get a good night sleep.,Night Suits,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Grey Milange,SL200WA80SLRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Brown-Printed-Saree-856123.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this brown coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Brown,AD371WA76SLVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Green-Printed-Saree-856125.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Green,AD371WA74SLXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Yellow-Printed-Saree-856127.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,AD371WA72SLZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Yellow-Printed-Saree-856129.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,AD371WA70SMBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Orange-Printed-Saree-856131.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Orange,AD371WA68SMDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Green-Printed-Saree-856135.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Green,AD371WA64SMHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Printed-Saree-856137.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Pink,AD371WA62SMJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856141.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA58SMNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Beige-Printed-Saree-856143.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this beige coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Beige,AD371WA56SMPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856149.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA50SMVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856151.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA48SMXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Printed-Saree-856153.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Black,AD371WA46SMZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Green-Printed-Saree-856155.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Green,AD371WA44SNBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856157.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA42SNDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Printed-Saree-856159.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Black,AD371WA40SNFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856161.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA38SNHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856163.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA36SNJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856165.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA34SNLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856167.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA32SNNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Grey-Printed-Saree-856169.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Grey,AD371WA30SNPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Grey-Printed-Saree-856171.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Grey,AD371WA28SNRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Cream-Printed-Saree-856173.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Cream,AD371WA26SNTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856177.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA22SNXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Printed-Saree-856183.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Multi,AD371WA16SODINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Orange-Printed-Saree-856185.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Orange,AD371WA14SOFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856187.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA12SOHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856189.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA10SOJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856191.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA08SOLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856193.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA06SONINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856195.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA04SOPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856197.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA02SORINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856199.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA00SOTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856201.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA98SOVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856203.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA96SOXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856205.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA94SOZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Sarees-856207.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Yellow,IN101WA92SPBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856209.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA90SPDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856211.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA88SPFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856213.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA86SPHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856215.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA84SPJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856217.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA82SPLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856219.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA80SPNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856221.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA78SPPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856223.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA76SPRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856225.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA74SPTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856227.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA72SPVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856229.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA70SPXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856231.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA68SPZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856233.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA66SQBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856235.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA64SQDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856237.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA62SQFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Mustard-Yellow-Sarees-856239.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this mustard yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Mustard Yellow,IN101WA60SQHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856241.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA58SQJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856243.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA56SQLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856245.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA54SQNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856247.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA52SQPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856249.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA50SQRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Sarees-856251.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Black,IN101WA48SQTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856253.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA46SQVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856255.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA44SQXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856257.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA42SQZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856259.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA40SRBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856261.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA38SRDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856263.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA36SRFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Mustard-Yellow-Sarees-856265.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this mustard yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Mustard Yellow,IN101WA34SRHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856267.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA32SRJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856269.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA30SRLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Mustard-Yellow-Sarees-856271.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this mustard yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Mustard Yellow,IN101WA28SRNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856273.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA26SRPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856275.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA24SRRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856277.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA22SRTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856279.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA20SRVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Sarees-856281.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Black,IN101WA18SRXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856283.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA16SRZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856285.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA14SSBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856287.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA12SSDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856289.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA10SSFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856291.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA08SSHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856293.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA06SSJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856295.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA04SSLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856297.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA02SSNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856299.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA00SSPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856301.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA98SSRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Sarees-856303.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Black,IN101WA96SSTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856305.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA94SSVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856307.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA92SSXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856309.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA90SSZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856311.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA88STBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Sarees-856313.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Cream,IN101WA86STDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856315.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA84STFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856317.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA82STHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856319.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA80STJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856321.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA78STLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Sarees-856323.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Cream,IN101WA76STNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Sarees-856325.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Cream,IN101WA74STPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856327.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA72STRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856329.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA70STTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856331.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA68STVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856333.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA66STXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856335.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA64STZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856337.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA62SUBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Mustard-Yellow-Sarees-856339.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this mustard yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Mustard Yellow,IN101WA60SUDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856341.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA58SUFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856343.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA56SUHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856345.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA54SUJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Sarees-856349.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Cream,IN101WA50SUNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856351.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA48SUPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856353.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA46SURINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856355.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA44SUTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856357.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA42SUVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856359.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA40SUXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856361.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA38SUZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856365.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA34SVDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856369.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA30SVHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856371.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA28SVJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856373.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA26SVLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856375.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA24SVNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856377.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA22SVPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856379.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA20SVRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856381.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA18SVTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856383.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA16SVVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856385.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA14SVXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856387.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA12SVZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856389.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA10SWBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856391.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA08SWDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856393.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA06SWFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856395.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA04SWHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856397.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA02SWJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856399.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA00SWLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856401.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA98SWNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856403.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA96SWPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856405.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA94SWRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856407.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA92SWTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856409.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA90SWVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Mustard-Yellow-Sarees-856411.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this mustard yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Mustard Yellow,IN101WA88SWXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856413.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA86SWZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856415.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA84SXBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856417.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA82SXDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Sarees-856419.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Black,IN101WA80SXFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856421.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA78SXHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856423.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA76SXJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856425.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA74SXLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Sarees-856427.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Black,IN101WA72SXNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856429.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA70SXPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856431.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA68SXRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856433.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA66SXTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856435.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA64SXVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856437.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA62SXXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Sarees-856439.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Cream,IN101WA60SXZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856441.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA58SYBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856443.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA56SYDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856445.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA54SYFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856447.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA52SYHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856449.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA50SYJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856451.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA48SYLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856453.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA46SYNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Mustard-Yellow-Sarees-856455.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this mustard yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Mustard Yellow,IN101WA44SYPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856457.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA42SYRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856459.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA40SYTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856461.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA38SYVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856463.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA36SYXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856465.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA34SYZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856467.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA32SZBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856469.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA30SZDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856471.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA28SZFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856473.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA26SZHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856475.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA24SZJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856477.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA22SZLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Sarees-856479.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA20SZNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856481.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA18SZPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856483.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA16SZRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856485.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA14SZTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Sarees-856487.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Maroon,IN101WA12SZVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856489.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA10SZXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Multi-Sarees-856491.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this multi coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Multi,IN101WA08SZZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856493.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA06TABINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Purple-Sarees-856495.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Purple,IN101WA04TADINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856497.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA02TAFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Sarees-856501.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA98TAJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Sarees-856503.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Yellow,IN101WA96TALINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856505.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA94TANINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Sarees-856507.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA92TAPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Sarees-856509.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA90TARINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Printed-Kurta-856511.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA88TATINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Brown-Printed-Kurta-856513.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Brown,AA339WA86TAVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Printed-Kurta-856515.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this green coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA84TAXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Printed-Kurta-856517.html,Aaboli,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing green coloured kurta by Aaboli. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA82TAZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Orange-Printed-Kurta-856519.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this orange coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Orange,AA339WA80TBBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-856521.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this yellow coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Yellow,AA339WA78TBDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Printed-Kurta-856523.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this pink coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA76TBFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-White-Printed-Kurta-856525.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this white coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,White,AA339WA74TBHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-856527.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this yellow coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Yellow,AA339WA72TBJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-White-Printed-Kurta-856529.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this white coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,White,AA339WA70TBLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Printed-Kurta-856531.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this polyester kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA68TBNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Printed-Kurta-856533.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA66TBPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Printed-Kurta-856535.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this pink coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this polyester kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA64TBRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-856537.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this yellow coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this polyester kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Yellow,AA339WA62TBTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Fuchsia-Printed-Kurta-856539.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Fuchsia,AA339WA60TBVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Embroidered-Kurta-856541.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA58TBXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-White-Embroidered-Kurta-856543.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this white coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,White,AA339WA56TBZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Turquoise-Printed-Kurta-856545.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA54TCBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-856547.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this yellow coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Yellow,AA339WA52TCDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Printed-Kurta-856549.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA50TCFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Printed-Kurta-856551.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA48TCHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Printed-Kurta-856553.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA46TCJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Printed-Kurta-856555.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA44TCLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Printed-Kurta-856557.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA42TCNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Embroidered-Kurta-856559.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA40TCPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Asymmetric,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Printed-Kurta-856561.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this pink coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this polyester kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA38TCRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Printed-Kurta-856563.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA36TCTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Solid-Kurta-856565.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA34TCVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Printed-Kurta-856567.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA32TCXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-856569.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this yellow coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Yellow,AA339WA30TCZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Printed-Kurta-856571.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this green coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA28TDBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-856573.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Yellow,AA339WA26TDDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Orange-Printed-Kurta-856575.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Orange,AA339WA24TDFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Fuchsia-Printed-Kurta-856577.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Fuchsia,AA339WA22TDHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Fuchsia-Solid-Kurta-856579.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road when you wear this fuchsia coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Fuchsia,AA339WA20TDJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Solid-Kurta-856581.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from polyester this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Polyester,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA18TDLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Embroidered-Kurta-856583.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this green coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA16TDNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-856585.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA14TDPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Embroidered-Kurta-856587.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA12TDRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Orange-Embroidered-Kurta-856589.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Orange,AA339WA10TDTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Embroidered-Kurta-856591.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this pink coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA08TDVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Red-Embroidered-Kurta-856593.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this red coloured kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Red,AA339WA06TDXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-856595.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA04TDZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Black-Solid-Kurta-856597.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this black coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Black,AA339WA02TEBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Yellow-Embroidered-Kurta-856599.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Yellow,AA339WA00TEDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Yellow-Embroidered-Kurta-856601.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this yellow coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Yellow,AA339WA98TEFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Embroidered-Kurta-856603.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this green coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA96TEHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Purple-Embroidered-Kurta-856605.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this purple coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Purple,AA339WA94TEJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-856607.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Yellow,AA339WA92TELINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Printed-Kurta-856609.html,Aaboli,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA90TENINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Printed-Kurta-856611.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA88TEPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Printed-Kurta-856613.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA86TERINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Green-Printed-Kurta-856615.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Green,AA339WA84TETINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Blue-Printed-Kurta-856617.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Blue,AA339WA82TEVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aaboli-Pink-Printed-Kurta-856619.html,Aaboli,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Aaboli. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash at 30C Do not bleach Mild Iron Do not Tumble Dry Line Dry in shade wash separately do not iron on decorations/print Use mild detergents,Regular,Pink,AA339WA80TEXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857299.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this yellow coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,Yellow,TO681WA00UFBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Magenta-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857301.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this magenta coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,Magenta,TO681WA98UFDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Gold-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857303.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this grey coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,Grey,TO681WA96UFFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857305.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this orange coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,Orange,TO681WA94UFHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857307.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this blue coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,Blue,TO681WA92UFJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857309.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this red coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,Red,TO681WA90UFLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857311.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this green coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,Green,TO681WA88UFNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857313.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this blue coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,Blue,TO681WA86UFPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-White-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857315.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this white coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,White,TO681WA84UFRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857317.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this blue coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Georgette,Dryclean,,Blue,TO681WA82UFTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857319.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this pink coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Pink,TO681WA80UFVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Beige-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857321.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this beige coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Beige,TO681WA78UFXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857323.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this pink coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Pink,TO681WA76UFZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857325.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this pink coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Pink,TO681WA74UGBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Beige-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857327.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this beige coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Beige,TO681WA72UGDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Beige-Dress-Materials-857329.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this beige coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Beige,TO681WA70UGFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Grey-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857331.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this grey coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Grey,TO681WA68UGHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857333.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this orange coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Orange,TO681WA66UGJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857335.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this blue coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Blue,TO681WA64UGLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857337.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this yellow coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Yellow,TO681WA62UGNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857339.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this green coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Green,TO681WA60UGPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857341.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this pink coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Pink,TO681WA58UGRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857345.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this cream coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Cream,TO681WA54UGVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857347.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this yellow coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Yellow,TO681WA52UGXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-857349.html,Touch Trends,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this blue coloured dress material from Touch Trends is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well. It includes a  top (2.25 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Banarasi,Dryclean,,Blue,TO681WA50UGZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Printed-Saree-857359.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA40UHJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Printed-Saree-857361.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Cream,IN101WA38UHLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Printed-Saree-857363.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA36UHNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Red-Printed-Saree-857365.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Red,IN101WA34UHPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Printed-Saree-857367.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA32UHRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Printed-Saree-857369.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA30UHTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Printed-Saree-857371.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA28UHVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Printed-Saree-857373.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Cream,IN101WA26UHXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Printed-Saree-857375.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA24UHZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Printed-Saree-857377.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Black,IN101WA22UIBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Printed-Saree-857379.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA20UIDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Printed-Saree-857381.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Yellow,IN101WA18UIFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Printed-Saree-857383.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Cream,IN101WA16UIHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Grey-Printed-Saree-857385.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Grey,IN101WA14UIJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Printed-Saree-857387.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA12UILINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Printed-Saree-857389.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA10UININDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Printed-Saree-857391.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Yellow,IN101WA08UIPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Printed-Saree-857393.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Yellow,IN101WA06UIRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Red-Printed-Saree-857395.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Red,IN101WA04UITINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Red-Printed-Saree-857399.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Red,IN101WA00UIXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Printed-Saree-857401.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA98UIZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Printed-Saree-857403.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA96UJBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Coffee-Printed-Saree-857405.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this coffee coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Normal Wash,,Coffee,IN101WA94UJDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857507.html,Dhwani,Get this value pack of leggings from Dhwani to match with your endless collection of kurtis and kameez. Made from cotton spandex these leggings have been stitched using the best quality sewing thread which is specifically meant for adjustment of stretch. These have elastic waistband so that you can wear them and slip them off easily.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA92UNBINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857509.html,Dhwani,Get this value pack of leggings from Dhwani to match with your endless collection of kurtis and kameez. Made from cotton spandex these leggings have been stitched using the best quality sewing thread which is specifically meant for adjustment of stretch. These have elastic waistband so that you can wear them and slip them off easily.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA90UNDINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857511.html,Dhwani,Get this value pack of leggings from Dhwani to match with your endless collection of kurtis and kameez. Made from cotton spandex these leggings have been stitched using the best quality sewing thread which is specifically meant for adjustment of stretch. These have elasticated waistbands so that you can wear them and slip them off easily.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA88UNFINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857513.html,Dhwani,Resort to wearing more ethnics by bagging this value pack of leggings that comes from the fashion house of Dhwani. Made from cotton spandex material these bottoms are so comfortable to wear that you will fall in love with these. The versatile colours they are available in match with most of the kurtis that you have in you wardrobe.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA86UNHINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857515.html,Dhwani,Resort to wearing more ethnics by bagging this value pack of leggings that comes from the fashion house of Dhwani. Made from cotton spandex material these bottoms are so comfortable to wear that you will fall in love with these. The versatile colours they are available in match with most of the kurtis that you have in you wardrobe.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA84UNJINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857517.html,Dhwani,Resort to wearing more ethnics by bagging this value pack of leggings that comes from the fashion house of Dhwani. Made from cotton spandex material these bottoms are so comfortable to wear that you will fall in love with these. The versatile colours they are available in match with most of the kurtis that you have in you wardrobe.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA82UNLINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857519.html,Dhwani,Now you can wear your ethnics more frequently and repeatedly as Dhwani presents to you this value pack of three leggings. Made from cotton spandex these leggings have been tailored using best quality thread which has been specifically designed to stretch. They have elasticated waistbands so you can wear them and slip them off easily.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA80UNNINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857521.html,Dhwani,It is important to team your favourite kurtas with matching leggings to look your ethnic best. Pick this multicoloured pack of 3 leggings from Dhwani that is a must-have in your wardrobe. These leggings will impress urban women with their fine cotton spandex material making these leggings stretchable and comfortable. Designed using the best quality sewing thread these leggings also feature a soft elasticated waistband for great comfort all day long.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA78UNPINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857523.html,Dhwani,Now you can wear your ethnics more frequently and repeatedly as Dhwani presents to you this value pack of leggings. Made from cotton spandex these leggings have been tailored using best quality thread which has been specifically designed to stretch. They have elastic waistband so you can wear them and slip them off easily.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA76UNRINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857525.html,Dhwani,Increase your options of comfortable wear by getting this multicoloured pack of 3pairs of leggings from Dhwani. Sewn from the best quality thread these leggings made from cotton spandex will lend you as much flexibility as you require. Also the usage of soft elastic for waistband will ensure you extra comfort when you wear them. You can team these with a matching kurta to attain a stunning look.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA74UNTINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857527.html,Dhwani,Increase your options of comfortable wear by getting this multicoloured pack of 3-pairs of leggings from Dhwani. Sewn from the best quality thread these leggings made from cotton spandex will lend you as much flexibility as you require. Also the usage of soft elastic for waist band will ensure you extra comfort when you wear them. You can team these with a matching kurta to attain a stunning look.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA72UNVINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857529.html,Dhwani,Increase your options of comfortable wear by getting this multicoloured pack of 3-pairs of leggings from Dhwani. Sewn from the best quality thread these regular-fit leggings made from cotton spandex will lend you as much flexibility as you require. Also the usage of soft elastic for waist band will ensure you extra comfort when you wear them. You can team these with a matching kurta to attain a stunning look.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA70UNXINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857531.html,Dhwani,To match with your endless collection of ethnic wear you will need this multicoloured pack of 3 pairs of leggings from Dhwani. Offering a super comfortable wear these regular-fit leggings made cotton spandex are sewn from best quality thread possible. Their waist bands also feature soft elastic to ensure that you stay at ease even hours after you pull them on. Team these with a bright coloured kurta to complete your elegant look.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA68UNZINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857533.html,Dhwani,To match your endless collection of ethnic wear you will need this multicoloured pack of 3 pairs of leggings from Dhwani. Offering a super comfortable wear these regular-fit leggings made cotton spandex are sewn from best quality thread possible. Their waist bands also feature soft elastic to ensure that you stay at ease even hours after you pull them on. Team these with a bright coloured kurta to complete an elegant look.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA66UOBINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857535.html,Dhwani,To match with your endless collection of ethnic wear you will need this multicoloured pack of-3 pairs of leggings from Dhwani. Offering a super comfortable wear these regular-fit leggings made cotton spandex are sewn from best quality thread possible. Their waist bands also feature soft elastic to ensure that you stay at ease even hours after you pull them on. Team these with a bright coloured kurta to complete your elegant look.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA64UODINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857537.html,Dhwani,You will find the comfort you desire by wearing any from this pack of - 3 pairs of leggings from Dhwani. These will be soft on your skin and keep you comfortable for a long time owing to their cotton spandex material. Featuring soft elastic in the waist band these will provide you with a perfect fit. Team them with a kurta or a long top according to your mood to look stylish and trendy.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA62UOFINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857539.html,Dhwani,This pack of three pairs of leggings from Dhwani will be a fabulous addition to your wardrobe. These will be soft on your skin and keep you comfortable for a long time owing to their cotton spandex material. Featuring elasticated waistbands these will provide you with a perfect fit. Team them with a kurta or a long top according to your mood to look stylish and trendy.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA60UOHINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857541.html,Dhwani,You will find the comfort you desire by wearing any fromthis pack of3 pairs of leggings from Dhwani. These will be soft on your skin and keep you comfortable for a long time owing to their cotton spandex material. Featuring soft elastic in the waist band these will provide you with a perfect fit. Team them with a kurta or a long top according to your mood to look stylish and trendy.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA58UOJINDFAS,,,,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857543.html,Dhwani,If you love to often dress traditionally then this pack of3 pairs of leggings from Dhwani will be a perfect pick for you. Made from cotton spandex these regular-fit leggings will provide you with utmost comfort and relaxation. Also their soft elastic waist band will add to your ease. Owning this pack will increase your options as now you will haveleggings in more colours which you will be able to match with any of your kurtis easily.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA56UOLINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857545.html,Dhwani,If you love to often dress traditionally then this multicoloured pack of-3 pairs of leggings from Dhwani will be a perfect pick for you. Made from cotton spandex these regular-fit leggings will provide you with utmost comfort and relaxation. Also their soft elastic waist band will add to your ease. Owning this pack will increase your options as these differentcoloured leggings will find their matching kurtis in your closet with much more ease.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA54UONINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857547.html,Dhwani,If you love to often dress traditionally then this multicoloured pack of-3 pairs of leggings from Dhwani will be a perfect pick for you. Made from cotton spandex these regular-fit leggings will provide you with utmost comfort and relaxation. Also their soft elastic waist band will add to your ease. Owning this pack will increase your options as these differentcoloured leggings will find their matching Kurtis in your closet with much more ease.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA52UOPINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857549.html,Dhwani,Check out this multicoloured pack of 3 leggings from Dhwani that is certainly not to be missed out on. Fashioned from cotton spandex these regular-fit leggings will keep you at ease all day long. Featuring an elasticated waistband these leggings will ensure a snug fit.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA50UORINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857551.html,Dhwani,Check out this pack of 3 multicoloured leggings from Dhwani that is certainly not to be missed out on. Fashioned from cotton spandex these regular-fit leggings will keep you at ease all day long. Featuring an elasticated waistband these leggings will ensure a snug fit.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA48UOTINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857553.html,Dhwani,Check out this pack of 3 multicoloured leggings from Dhwani that is certainly not to be missed out on. Fashioned from cotton spandex these regular-fit leggings will keep you at ease all day long. Featuring an elasticated waistband these leggings will ensure a snug fit.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA46UOVINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857555.html,Dhwani,Dhwani presents this pack of 3 multicoloured leggings that makes for an instant steal this season. These regular-fit leggings are extremely comfortable to wear courtesy the cotton spandex fabric. Not to forget the elasticated waistband that further ensures a snug fit.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA44UOXINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857557.html,Dhwani,Dhwani presents this pack of 3 multicoloured leggings that makes for an instant steal this season. These regular-fit leggings are extremely comfortable to wear courtesy the cotton spandex fabric. Not to forget the elasticated waistband that further ensures a snug fit.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA42UOZINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857559.html,Dhwani,Dhwani presents this pack of 3 multicoloured leggings that makes for an instant steal this season. These regular-fit leggings are extremely comfortable to wear courtesy the cotton spandex fabric. Not to forget the elasticated waistband that further ensures a snug fit.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA40UPBINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857561.html,Dhwani,It is important to team your favourite kurtas with matching leggings to look your ethnic best. Pick this multicoloured pack of 3 leggings from Dhwani that is a must-have in your wardrobe. These leggings will impress urban women with their fine cotton spandex material making these leggings stretchable and comfortable. Designed using the best quality sewing thread these leggings also feature a soft elasticated waistband for great comfort all day long.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA38UPDINDFAS,,,,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857563.html,Dhwani,Dhwani presents this pack of 3 multicoloured leggings that is a must-have in your ethnic wardrobe. Fashioned from cotton spandex these regular-fit leggings are stretchable and comfortable to wear. Furthermore the soft elasticated waistband provides a snug and perfect fit.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA36UPFINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dhwani-Pack-Of-3-Cotton-Lycra-Multi-Color-Leggings-857565.html,Dhwani,Dhwani presents this pack of 3 multicoloured leggings that is a must-have in your ethnic wardrobe. Fashioned from cotton spandex these regular-fit leggings are stretchable and comfortable to wear. Furthermore the soft elasticated waistband provides a snug and perfect fit.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DH888WA34UPHINDFAS,,,Full Length,,pack of 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Blue-Embroidered-Nightwear-857619.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious blue coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Blue,PR574WA80URJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Magenta-Embroidered-Nightwear-857621.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious magenta coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Magenta,PR574WA78URLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Pink-Embroidered-Nightwear-857623.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious pink coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Night Dress & Nighties,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Pink,PR574WA76URNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Pink-Solid-Nightwear-857625.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious pink coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Pink,PR574WA74URPINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Black-Solid-Nightwear-857627.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious black coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Black,PR574WA72URRINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Magenta-Embroidered-Nightwear-857629.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious magenta coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Magenta,PR574WA70URTINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Orange-Solid-Nightwear-857631.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious orange coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Orange,PR574WA68URVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Magenta-Solid-Nightwear-857633.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious magenta coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Magenta,PR574WA66URXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Purple-Solid-Nightwear-857635.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious purple coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Purple,PR574WA64URZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Blue-Solid-Nightwear-857637.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious blue coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Blue,PR574WA62USBINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Red-Solid-Nightwear-857639.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious red coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Red,PR574WA60USDINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Purple-Solid-Nightwear-857641.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious purple coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Purple,PR574WA58USFINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Purple-Solid-Nightwear-857643.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious purple coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Purple,PR574WA56USHINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Black-Embroidered-Nightwear-857645.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious black coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Black,PR574WA54USJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Blue-Embroidered-Nightwear-857647.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious blue coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Blue,PR574WA52USLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Blue-Embroidered-Nightwear-857649.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious blue coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Blue,PR574WA50USNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Navy-Blue-Printed-Nightwear-857651.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious navy blue coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Navy Blue,PR574WA48USPINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Red-Printed-Nightwear-857653.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious red coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Red,PR574WA46USRINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Blue-Printed-Nightwear-857655.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious blue coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Blue,PR574WA44USTINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Red-Printed-Nightwear-857657.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious red coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Red,PR574WA42USVINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Black-Printed-Nightwear-857659.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious black coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Black,PR574WA40USXINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Blue-Solid-Nightwear-857661.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious blue coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Blue,PR574WA38USZINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-White-Solid-Nightwear-857663.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious white coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,White,PR574WA36UTBINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Purple-Solid-Nightwear-857665.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious purple coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Purple,PR574WA34UTDINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Purple-Embroidered-Nightwear-857667.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious purple coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Purple,PR574WA32UTFINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Black-Embroidered-Nightwear-857669.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious black coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Black,PR574WA30UTHINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Pink-Embroidered-Nightwear-857671.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious pink coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the polyester make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,Polyester,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Pink,PR574WA28UTJINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Purple-Printed-Nightwear-857673.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious purple coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Purple,PR574WA26UTLINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Magenta-Printed-Nightwear-857675.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious magenta coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Magenta,PR574WA24UTNINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Green-Printed-Nightwear-857677.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious green coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Green,PR574WA22UTPINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Green-Printed-Nightwear-857679.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious green coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Green,PR574WA20UTRINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Black-Solid-Nightwear-857681.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious black coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Black,PR574WA18UTTINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Pink-Solid-Nightwear-857683.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious pink coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex(stretchable) make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Pink,PR574WA16UTVINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Pink-Solid-Nightwear-857685.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious pink coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Pink,PR574WA14UTXINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Multi-Color-Printed-Nightwear-857687.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious multicoloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Multi,PR574WA12UTZINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pretty-secrets-Brown-Printed-Nightwear-857689.html,PrettySecrets,Get ready for some mischievous canoodling under the sheets wearing this salacious brown coloured babydoll nightdress from Prettysecrets. While the enticing design highlights its suggestive allure the nylon spandex make assures a comfortable wear.,Babydolls,NYLON SPANDEX,Warm Wash Low Iron Do not bleach Do not dry clean Do not tumble dry,Regular,Brown,PR574WA10UUBINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Green-Solids-Sarees-857813.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,SO596WA86UYVINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Maroon-Solids-Sarees-857815.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Maroon,SO596WA84UYXINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Purple-Solids-Sarees-857817.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Purple,SO596WA82UYZINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Magenta-Solids-Sarees-857819.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this magenta coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Magenta,SO596WA80UZBINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Beige-Printed-Sarees-857821.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this beige coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Beige,SO596WA78UZDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-857823.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,SO596WA76UZFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-857825.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,SO596WA74UZHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Magenta-Printed-Sarees-857827.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this magenta coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Magenta,SO596WA72UZJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Black-Embroidered-Sarees-857829.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,Dry Clean Only,,Black,SO596WA70UZLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sourbh-sarees-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-857831.html,Sourbh Sarees,Sourbh Sarees presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,SO596WA68UZNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rangriti-Cotton-Blend-White-Kurta-857919.html,Rangriti,Add pizzazz to your look when you wear this white coloured kurtaby Rangriti. Designed to absolute perfection this cotton blend kurtais soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,RA164WA80VCXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rangriti-Cotton-Blend-Blue-Kurta-857921.html,Rangriti,Make guys adore your sartorial elegance when you wear this kurta in blue from the house of Rangriti. This kurtais made from cotton blend which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. This attractive kurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,RA164WA78VCZINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/rangriti-Cotton-Blend-White-Kurta-857923.html,Rangriti,Surreal a perfect word that will define your look when you wear this kurta in white from the house of Rangriti. This kurtais made from cotton blend which ensures complete comfort and breathability to its wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals and get complimented for your classy choice in attire.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,RA164WA76VDBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857925.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of pink coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Pink,SA508WA74VDDINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Mustard-Yellow-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857929.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set ofmustard yellowcoloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Mustard Yellow,SA508WA70VDHINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Green-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857931.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of green coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Green,SA508WA68VDJINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Magenta-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857933.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of magenta coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Magenta,SA508WA66VDLINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857935.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of pink coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Pink,SA508WA64VDNINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Maroon-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857937.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of maroon coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Maroon,SA508WA62VDPINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Orange-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857939.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of orange coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Orange,SA508WA60VDRINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Red-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857941.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of red coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Red,SA508WA58VDTINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Green-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857943.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of green coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Green,SA508WA56VDVINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857945.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of pink coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Pink,SA508WA54VDXINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857947.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of blue coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Blue,SA508WA52VDZINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Blue-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857949.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of blue coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Blue,SA508WA50VEBINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/salwar-studio-Pink-Solid-Bottom-Dupatta-Sets-857951.html,Salwar Studio,Complete your ethnic ensemble with this set of pink coloured salwar and dupatta from the house of Salwar Studio. Made from cotton the salwar and dupatta are light in weight and soft against the skin. Tailored in regular fit you can team this set with a wide range of kurtas.,,Cotton,Machine Or Hand Wash Wash Dark Colours Separately,Regular,Pink,SA508WA48VEDINDFAS,,,,Solid,1.Salwar 2. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Shadow-Floral-Chiffon-Scarf-858495.html,Dorothy Perkins,Add a dash of style to your casual look by wrapping this multicoloured scarf by Dorothy Perkins around your neck. While the captivating floral pattern lends it a feminine feel the fine polyester fabric makes it durable and skin friendly.,Scarves & Stoles,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,,Multi,DO102WA04VZBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Cream-Stripe-Lace-Tee-858497.html,Dorothy Perkins,Sheer to touch and look this cream coloured top from Dorothy Perkins will add tons of grace to your overall appearance. Fashioned from polyamide blend this top presents such good quality that it cannot be doubted even for a second. This lacy top with ivory stripes will lend you a sophisticated look when you team it with a knee length skirt and a pair of wedges.,Blouses,Polyamide Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,DO102WA02VZDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Plum-Short-Sleeve-Lace-Tee-858499.html,Dorothy Perkins,Be the couture queen and put your best casual look forward by wearing this purple top from the latest collection of Dorothy Perkins. Featuring a stunning lace detailing and stripe pattern it has a zip closure at the back. Made of polyester this regular-fit top will look great when clubbed with a skirt or a pair of casual trousers.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,DO102WA00VZFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Multi-Shadow-Floral-Tee-858501.html,Dorothy Perkins,,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,DO102WA98VZHINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Oat-Croc-Jumper-858503.html,Dorothy Perkins,A voguish pick for casual and semi-casual outings is this off-white coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins. The classy design enhances the aesthetic appeal of this sweater while the 100% acrylic fabric makes it comfortable to wear. Complement this regular-fit sweater with black trousers and belly shoes.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Off White,DO102WA96VZJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Magenta-Bubble-Stitch-Sweater-858505.html,Dorothy Perkins,Designed in line with the latest fashion trends this magenta coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins certainly deserves a special place in your winter wardrobe. The classy design on the sleeves and front lends a feminine touch to this creation. Tailored in regular fit this sweater will go well with jeans skirts or cotton pants. Made from 100% acrylic it is light in weight and warm.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Magenta,DO102WA94VZLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Beige-Bobble-Stitch-Sweater-858507.html,Dorothy Perkins,Designed in line with the latest fashion trends this beige coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins certainly deserves a special place in your winter wardrobe. The classy design on the sleeves and front lends a feminine touch to this creation. Tailored in regular fit this sweater will go well with jeans skirts or cotton pants. Made from 100% acrylic it is light in weight and warm.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,DO102WA92VZNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Navy-Heart-Jumper-858511.html,Dorothy Perkins,A voguish pick for casual and semi-casual outings is this navy blue coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins. The heart design enhances the aesthetic appeal of this sweater while the 100% acrylic fabric makes it comfortable to wear. Complement this regular-fit sweater with black trousers and belly shoes.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,DO102WA88VZRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Lace-Texture-Sweater-858513.html,Dorothy Perkins,Include this white coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins in your wardrobe for its sophisticated design and trendy styling. This regular-fit sweater when paired with jeans and a black overcoat will do wonders to your overall appearance. Made from 100% acrylic this sweater is light in weight and will keep you warm on a winter evening.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,DO102WA86VZTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Blue-Pom-Pom-Jumper-858515.html,Dorothy Perkins,Include this blue coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins in your wardrobe for its sophisticated design and trendy styling. This regular-fit sweater when paired with jeans and a black overcoat will do wonders to your overall appearance. Made from 100% acrylic this sweater is light in weight and will keep you warm on a winter evening.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,DO102WA84VZVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Pink-Pom-Pom-Sweater-858517.html,Dorothy Perkins,Include this pink coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins in your wardrobe for its sophisticated design and trendy styling. This regular-fit sweater when paired with jeans and a black overcoat will do wonders to your overall appearance. Made from 100% acrylic this sweater is light in weight and will keep you warm on a winter evening.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,DO102WA82VZXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Berry-Pom-Pom-Sweater-858519.html,Dorothy Perkins,,,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,DO102WA80VZZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Midnight-Waffle-Stitch-Sweater-858521.html,Dorothy Perkins,You will certainly fall in love with the warmth and softness of this blue coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins. The pretty design further makes it a unique pick this winter. Club this sweater with a floral print skirt and look absolutely charming. Moreover it is made from 100% acrylic which makes it light in weight and skin friendly.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,DO102WA78WABINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Peach-Pom-Pom-Cardigan-858523.html,Dorothy Perkins,You will certainly fall in love with the warmth and softness of this peach coloured cardigan from Dorothy Perkins. The pretty design further makes it a unique pick this winter. Club this regular-fit cardigan with a floral print skirt and look absolutely charming. Moreover it is made from 100% polyester which makes it light in weight and skin friendly.,,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Peach,DO102WA76WADINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Lilac-Waffle-Stitch-Jumper-858525.html,Dorothy Perkins,You will certainly fall in love with the warmth and softness of this purple coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins. The pretty design further makes it a unique pick this winter. Club this regular-fit sweater with a floral print skirt and look absolutely charming. Moreover it is made from 100% acrylic which makes it light in weight and skin friendly.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,DO102WA74WAFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Beaded-Shoulder-Knit-858527.html,Dorothy Perkins,The appealing design of this black coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins makes it an ideal pick to be worn when heading for a special dinner with your beloved. Embellished with beads on the shoulders this sweater looks classy and will complement a skirt or trousers. Made from 100% acrylic this regular-fit sweater is light in weight and will keep you warm for sure.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA72WAHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Beige-Lace-Panel-Knitted-Sweater-858529.html,Dorothy Perkins,Fluffy and bulky sweaters are now replaced by delicate and lightweight ones. This delicate beige coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins is a stylish pick for fashionable women. Featuring a lacy panel on the front this knitted jumper looks trendy and will surely lend you a look worth flaunting. Made from 100% acrylic this regular-fit jumper is cosy. Team this full-sleeved sweater with a pair of jeans and long boots to get a perfect winter look.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,DO102WA70WAJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Mint-Green-Lace-Panel-Knitted-858531.html,Dorothy Perkins,Fluffy and bulky sweaters are now replaced by the delicate and lightweight ones. Thatmakes this delicate green coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins a stylish pick for fashionable women. Featuring a lacy panel on the front this knitted jumper looks trendy and will surely lend you a look worth flaunting. Made from 100% acrylic this regular-fit jumper is cosy. Team this full-sleeved sweater with a pair of jeans and long boots to get a perfect winter look.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,DO102WA68WALINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Off-White-Ottoman-Tunic-858533.html,Dorothy Perkins,A chic outfit that will glam up your look immediately is this off-white coloured tunic from Dorothy Perkins. This Ottoman style tunic features full sleeves and will look good on you when worn with leggings or tucked in with a fitted multicoloured skirt. Its acrylic material will ensure a comfortable and warm wear.,,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Off White,DO102WA66WANINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Pink-Cable-Sleeve-Jumper-858535.html,Dorothy Perkins,Looking for something stylish this winter? Then this pink coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins will surely impress urban women with its beautiful cable knit and simple design. Made from 100% acrylic this regular-fit sweater is cosy and comfortable to wear all day long. Team it with a pair of jeans and boots to look perfect.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,DO102WA64WAPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-MINT-CABLE-SLEEVE-JUMPER-858537.html,Dorothy Perkins,Looking for something stylish this winter? Then this green coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins will surely impress urban women with its beautiful cable knit and simple design. Made from 100% acrylic this regular-fit sweater is cosy and comfortable to wear all day long. You can even team it with a pair of jeans and boots to look perfect.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,DO102WA62WARINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Grey-Daisy-Style-Sweater-858539.html,Dorothy Perkins,Trendy and unique is what this grey coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins is. It will surely impress women on the go. Featuring daisies all over this designer jumper will help you make a distinct style statement. Made from cotton viscose this regular-fit jumper is lightweight and cosy as well.,,Cotton Viscose,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,DO102WA60WATINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-White-Lace-Shoulder-Jumper-858541.html,Dorothy Perkins,Its time to add something stylish and trendy to your wardrobe in the form of this white coloured sweater from Dorothy Perkins. Featuring lace detailing on the shoulder area this full-sleeved jumper will lend you a smart look. Made from cotton blend this regular-fit womens sweater will allow you to stay relaxed all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,DO102WA58WAVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Pink-Knitted-Lace-Panel-Jumper-858543.html,Dorothy Perkins,Your new winter look will surely make you stand out in the crowd when you wear this pink coloured jumper from Dorothy Perkins. The lace panel on the front yoke enhances the overall appeal of this knitted sweater. Designed to impress fashionable women this regular-fit jumper is made from 100% acrylic. Cosy and comfortable this jumper can be worn over a crisp white shirt for a different look.,,100% Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,DO102WA56WAXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Lace-Front-Top-858547.html,Dorothy Perkins,,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA52WBBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Navy-Lace-Front-Top-858549.html,Dorothy Perkins,Add a hint of understated elegance to your femininity wearing this navy blue coloured top from the house of Dorothy Perkins. Made of cotton blend this top is comfortable to wear and skin friendly too. Featuring regular fit this top will become your instant favourite.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,DO102WA50WBDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Green-Short-Gold-Trim-Parka-858551.html,Dorothy Perkins,Dorothy Perkins presents this stunning green coloured top that will change the way you look instantly. Made from blended cotton it is soft and will keep you comfortable. The crochetwork on the sleeves are the highlights of this top. Team it with light coloured pants or jeans along with belly,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,DO102WA48WBFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Bling-Lace-Shell-Top-858553.html,Dorothy Perkins,,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA46WBHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Pink-Winter-Jackets-858555.html,Dorothy Perkins,Classy and sexy this pink coloured dome jacket from Dorothy Perkins is a stylish pick this season for fashion-conscious women. This waist-length jacket will lend you a distinct look this winter. Made from polyester viscose spandex this full-sleeved jacket is stretchable and comfortable to wear all day long. It features regular fit.,Jackets,POLYESTER VISCOSE SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,DO102WA44WBJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Red-Winter-Jackets-858557.html,Dorothy Perkins,Be it any occasion this versatile red coloured tux jacket from Dorothy Perkins will never fail to impress urban women. Designed to impress this lovely jacket is a must-have in your winter wardrobe so as to keep you in style always. This regular-fit stretchable jacket is made from polyester viscose spandex.,Jackets,POLYESTER VISCOSE SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,DO102WA42WBLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Navy-Blue-Winter-Jackets-858559.html,Dorothy Perkins,A classy dome jacket in navy blue colour from Dorothy Perkins that will be a sexy pick for women on the go. Featuring an eye-catching check pattern concealed placket and a stylish round neck this full-sleeved jacket will lend you a look worth flaunting. Made from polyester viscose spandex this regular-fit jacket will help you stay relaxed all day long.,Jackets,POLYESTER VISCOSE SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,DO102WA40WBNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Cobalt-Dobby-Skater-Dress-858561.html,Dorothy Perkins,Increase your glam quotient wearing this blue coloured dress from the house of Dorothy Perkins. Made of 100% polyester this dress is quite comfortable to wear and skin friendly too. Featuring regular fit this dress will look perfect when paired with gold coloured stilettos.,Skater Dresses,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,DO102WA38WBPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Wine-Rose-Flocked-Pencil-Dress-858565.html,Dorothy Perkins,,Bodycon Dresses,COTTON POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,DO102WA34WBTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Rose-Print-Pencil-Dress-858567.html,Dorothy Perkins,,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA32WBVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Olive-Winter-Jackets-858569.html,Dorothy Perkins,Make a cold winter day stylish as you wear this olive coloured jacket from Dorothy Perkins. The fur hood and faux leather trims around the pockets are great style elements of this full-sleeved jacket. The quilt stitch detailing in the hood makes this jacket cosy and comfortable. Made from 100% polyester this regular-fit jacket will offer lightweight comfort.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Olive,DO102WA30WBXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Beige-Winter-Jackets-858571.html,Dorothy Perkins,Look smart this winter as you wear something absolutely amazing in the form of this beige coloured jacket from Dorothy Perkins. The quilt detailing on the shoulders full front zip slant zip pockets and a stylish lapel collar make this full-sleeved jacket a true value for money. Made from PU (polyurethane) this regular-fit jacket will offer lightweight comfort to urban women.,Jackets,PU,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,DO102WA28WBZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Winter-Jackets-858573.html,Dorothy Perkins,Designed for modern women this black coloured jacket from Dorothy Perkins will surely get you noticed. The stylish quilted pattern shoulder loops and front zip pockets contribute to the trendy look of this full-sleeved jacket. This regular-fit jacket is made from PU (polyurethane).,Jackets,PU,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA26WCBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Winter-Jackets-858575.html,Dorothy Perkins,Urban women will love to flaunt a new look this winter with this black coloured jacket from Dorothy Perkins. The leather look of this jacket will help you make distinct style statement. Featuring a stylish notch collar front zip pockets and stitched detailing on the full sleeves this jacket is a must-have in your winter wardrobe. Made from PU (polyurethane) this jacket features regular fit.,Jackets,PU,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA24WCDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Notch Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Navy-Blue-Winter-Jackets-858577.html,Dorothy Perkins,Make a cold winter day stylish as you wear this navy blue coloured jacket from Dorothy Perkins. The fur hood and faux leather trims around the pockets are great style elements of this full-sleeved jacket. The quilt stitch detailing in the hood makes this jacket cosy and comfortable. Made from 100% polyester this regular-fit jacket will offer lightweight comfort.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,DO102WA22WCFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Winter-Jackets-858579.html,Dorothy Perkins,Impress fashion lovers with your cool style by donning this amazing black parka jacket by Dorothy Perkins. Designed as per the latest trends it exhibits leather-like trims a zip-button closure and a hood with faux fur detailing. Tailored in regular fit from nylon blend it is lightweight and skin friendly.,Jackets,NYLON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA20WCHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Winter-Jackets-858581.html,Dorothy Perkins,Look smart this winter as you wear something absolutely amazing in the form of this black coloured jacket from Dorothy Perkins. The quilt detailing on the shoulders full front zip slant zip pockets and a stylish lapel collar make this full-sleeved jacket a true value for money. Made from PU (polyurethane) this regular-fit jacket will offer lightweight comfort to urban women.,Jackets,PU,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA18WCJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Navy-Blue-Winter-Jackets-858583.html,Dorothy Perkins,Receive compliments for your new winter look this season as you wear this navy blue coloured gilet from Dorothy Perkins. This padded jacket features fur trims on the hood and a check pattern inside the hood. Made from cotton blend this regular-fit sleeveless jacket will help you stay relaxed and cosy all day long.,Jackets,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,DO102WA16WCLINDFAS,Sleeveless,High Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Winter-Jackets-858585.html,Dorothy Perkins,No need to hide from the chill when you have invested in this amazing black jacket by Dorothy Perkins. This short padded jacket features a detachable faux fur collar and leather-like trims around the zips. Team this regular-fit polyester jacket with a pair of denims or casual trousers to stand out from the crowd.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA14WCNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Navy-Blue-Winter-Jackets-858587.html,Dorothy Perkins,No need to hide from the chill when you have invested in this amazing navy blue jacket by Dorothy Perkins. This short padded jacket features a detachable faux fur collar and leather-like trims around the zips. Team this regular-fit polyester jacket with a pair of denims or casual trousers to stand out from the crowd.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,DO102WA12WCPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Pink-Winter-Jackets-858589.html,Dorothy Perkins,Impress your fashion-loving pals by donning this pink coloured faux fur coat by Dorothy Perkins. While the stunning pattern lends it a feminine feel the high neck infuses more sophistication into this regular-fit coat. Made from acrylic blend fabric it will keep you warm and cosy all day long.,Jackets,ACRYLIC BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,DO102WA10WCRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Brown-Winter-Jackets-858591.html,Dorothy Perkins,Give a sizzling chic dimension to your winter vogue with this brown faux fur coat from Dorothy Perkins. You can work this coat with both casual and semi-casual outfits and get your oomph appeal pumped up. This regular-fit coat is made from acrylic blend.,Jackets,ACRYLIC BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,DO102WA08WCTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Cream-Winter-Jackets-858593.html,Dorothy Perkins,A fierce combination of sophisticated elegance and class this cream coloured coat by Dorothy Perkins will surely make you a showstopper. This faux fur coat is detailed with a chic Peter Pan collar for a more feminine feel. Team this regular-fit polyester coat with your best casual outfits to steal the attention of every eye.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,DO102WA06WCVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Pink-Winter-Jackets-858595.html,Dorothy Perkins,A new season showstopper this pink coat by Dorothy Perkins will keep you warm and cosy in the most stylish manner. Featuring a lapel collar and a tie belt waist this masterpiece will surely make you the cynosure of all eyes. Tailored in regular fit from poly viscose fabric it will complement all your western outfits.,Jackets,POLYESTER VISCOSE,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,DO102WA04WCXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Camel-Winter-Jackets-858597.html,Dorothy Perkins,,Jackets,POLYESTER VISCOSE SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Camel,DO102WA02WCZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Grey-Winter-Jackets-858599.html,Dorothy Perkins,Exuding the highest degree of sophistication this grey coat by Dorothy Perkins will keep you warm and cosy in the most stylish manner. Featuring a lapel collar a single button fastening and twin patch pockets it will complement a variety of outfits ranging from denims and casual trousers to party dresses. Tailored in regular fit from poly viscose spandex fabric it is lightweight and skin friendly.,Jackets,POLYESTER VISCOSE SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,DO102WA00WDBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Black-Winter-Jackets-858601.html,Dorothy Perkins,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner by wearing this black coloured pea coat from the latest collection of Dorothy Perkins. Featuring a lapel collar a buttoned closure and full sleeves it will complement all your casual outfits and party dresses. Tailored in regular fit from poly viscose spandex fabric it is lightweight and skin friendly.,Jackets,POLYESTER VISCOSE SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,DO102WA98WDDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dorothy-perkins-Pink-Winter-Jackets-858603.html,Dorothy Perkins,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner by wearing this pink coloured pea coat from the latest collection of Dorothy Perkins. Featuring a lapel collar a buttoned closure and full sleeves it will complement all your casual outfits and party dresses. Tailored in regular fit from poly viscose spandex fabric it is lightweight and skin friendly.,Jackets,POLYESTER VISCOSE SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,DO102WA96WDFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/indusdiva-Purple-Embroidered-Kurta-858867.html,Indusdiva,Look like a dream wearing kurta by Indusdiva. Made from crepe this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Crepe,Dry Wash,Regular,Purple,IN375WA32WNJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,High Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/indusdiva-Purple-Embellished-Kurta-858869.html,Indusdiva,Make the girls go green wearing purple coloured kurta by Indusdiva. Made from crepe this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Crepe,Dry Wash,Regular,Purple,IN375WA30WNLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/indusdiva-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-858871.html,Indusdiva,Look like a dream wearing kurta by Indusdiva. Made from crepe this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Crepe,Dry Wash,Regular,Blue,IN375WA28WNNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/indusdiva-Yellow-Embellished-Kurta-858873.html,Indusdiva,Make the girls go green when you wear this yellow coloured kurta by Indusdiva. Designed with absolute perfection this chanderi kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,CHANDERI,Dry Wash,Regular,Yellow,IN375WA26WNPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/indusdiva-Blue-Printed-Kurta-858875.html,Indusdiva,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Indusdiva. Designed with absolute perfection this chiffon kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Chiffon,Dry Wash,Regular,Blue,IN375WA24WNRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/indusdiva-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-858877.html,Indusdiva,Make the girls go green wearing yellow coloured kurta by Indusdiva. Made from chiffon this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Chiffon,Dry Wash,Regular,Yellow,IN375WA22WNTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/indusdiva-Purple-Embellished-Kurta-858879.html,Indusdiva,Look like a dream wearing kurta by Indusdiva. Made from georgette this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,Dry Wash,Regular,Purple,IN375WA20WNVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Full Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/indusdiva-Blue-Solid-Kurta-858881.html,Indusdiva,Look like a dream wearing kurta by Indusdiva. Made from chiffon this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Chiffon,Dry Wash,Regular,Blue,IN375WA18WNXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,High Neck,Calf Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/indusdiva-Blue-Solid-Kurta-858883.html,Indusdiva,Make the girls go green wearing blue coloured kurta by Indusdiva. Made from crepe this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Crepe,Dry Wash,Regular,Blue,IN375WA16WNZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Sleeveless-Lace-Insert-Crop-Top-858885.html,Miss Selfridge,Reimagine your winter evening silhouettes with the chic allure of this top from Miss Selfridge. Styled with floral lace detailing for that on-trend appeal this top is best worked with a monochromatic pencil skirt. This regular-fit top is made from cotton spandex fabric.,Blouses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,MI479WA14WOBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Cropped Length,Reimagine your winter evening silhouettes with the chic allure of this top from Miss Selfridge. Styled with floral lace detailing for that on-trend appeal this top is best worked with a monochromatic pencil skirt. This regular-fit top is made from cotton spandex fabric.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Cream-Scallop-Lace-Top-858887.html,Miss Selfridge,Reimagine your winter evening silhouettes with the chic allure of this cream top from Miss Selfridge. Styled with floral lace detailing for that on-trend appeal this top is best worked with a monochromatic pencil skirt. This regular-fit top is made from nylon spandex fabric.,Blouses,NYLON SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,MI479WA12WODINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Reimagine your winter evening silhouettes with the chic allure of this cream top from Miss Selfridge. Styled with floral lace detailing for that on-trend appeal this top is best worked with a monochromatic pencil skirt. This regular-fit top is made from nylon spandex fabric.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Navajo-Tile-Crop-Top-858889.html,Miss Selfridge,Get an unbeatably stylish winter look when wearing this black coloured top from the fashion house of Miss Selfridge. Made from acrylic blend material this crop top has a round neck and full sleeves. You can pair it with your favourite bottoms and get a messy hairdo to complete your look.,Blouses,ACRYLIC BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MI479WA10WOFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Blue-Metallic-Wrap-Top-858891.html,Miss Selfridge,Leave everyone behind in the fashion race by wearing this blue coloured top for women from Miss Selfridge. Made from poly viscose material this top is sleeveless and it has round neck. You can pair it with your favourite bottoms and get a messy hairdo to complete your party look.,Blouses,POLY VISCOSE,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,MI479WA08WOHINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Black-Embellished-Bodycon-Dress-858893.html,Miss Selfridge,Twinkling with voguish elegance is this gorgeous black dress from Miss Selfridge. While the embellished accents define its visual draw the polyester fabric ascertains pure breathable comfort all day long. It comes in regular fit.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MI479WA06WOJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Black-Floral-90S-Bodycon-Dress-858895.html,Miss Selfridge,Revamp your look this season with this voguish multicoloured dress from the house of Miss Selfridge. The attractive floral print lends this dress its visual allure while the polyester spandex fabric promises nothing but comfort all day long. It comes in regular fit.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MI479WA04WOLINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Nude-Double-Sequin-Crop-Top-858897.html,Miss Selfridge,Introduce pure vogue to your fall/winter wardrobe with this crop top from Miss Selfridge. Showcasing a unique embellished design this top promises utmost comfort too courtesy its polyester spandex fabric. It comes in regular fit.,Blouses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,MI479WA02WONINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Cropped Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Dakota-Bodycon-Dress-858899.html,Miss Selfridge,Twinkling with voguish elegance is this gorgeous purple dress from Miss Selfridge. While the embellished floral accents define its visual draw the polyester fabric ascertains pure breathable comfort all day long. It comes in regular fit.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,MI479WA00WOPINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Black-Peplum-Top-858901.html,Miss Selfridge,Give your casual and semi-casual silhouettes a chic definition this winter wearing this black top from Miss Selfridge. Styled with an attractive print this regular-fit top also ascertains total comfort courtesy its polyester spandex fabric.,Blouses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MI479WA98WORINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Give your casual and semi-casual silhouettes a chic definition this winter wearing this black top from Miss Selfridge. Styled with an attractive print this regular-fit top also ascertains total comfort courtesy its polyester spandex fabric.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Winter-Jackets-859949.html,ITI,A stylish update on the sartorial look when you wear this multicoloured jacket by ITI. Modishly tailored this jacket will get you recognized for your ultimate taste in contemporary dressing. Club your junk jewellery with this comfortable jacket to create an absolutely fabulous look.,Jackets,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Multi,IT826WA50YCZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Shawl Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Off-White-Printed-Shirt-859951.html,ITI,Keep your look lively wearing this off white coloured shirt from the house of ITI. This shirt is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Off White,IT826WA48YDBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Red-Solid-Shirt-859953.html,ITI,Keep your look lively wearing this red coloured shirt from the house of ITI. This shirt is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Red,IT826WA46YDDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Shirt-859955.html,ITI,Keep your look lively wearing this multicoloured shirt from the house of ITI. This shirt is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA44YDFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-White-Printed-Shirt-859957.html,ITI,Keep your look lively wearing this white coloured shirt from the house of ITI. This shirt is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality crepe. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Crepe,HANDWASH,Regular,White,IT826WA42YDHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Shirt-859959.html,ITI,Keep your look lively wearing this multicoloured shirt from the house of ITI. This shirt is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA40YDJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Aqua-Blue-Printed-Shirt-859961.html,ITI,Keep your look lively wearing this aqua blue coloured shirt from the house of ITI. This shirt is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton,HANDWASH,Regular,Aqua Blue,IT826WA38YDLINDFAS,Sleeveless,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Peach-Solid-Kurta-859965.html,ITI,Make the girls go green wearing peach coloured kurta by ITI. Made from georgette this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Peach,IT826WA34YDPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Calf Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Black-Embroidered-Kurta-859967.html,ITI,Make the girls go green wearing black coloured kurta by ITI. Made from modal this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,MODAL,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Black,IT826WA32YDRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Pink-Embellished-Kurta-859969.html,ITI,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing pink coloured kurta by ITI. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Pink,IT826WA30YDTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Calf Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Yellow-Embellished-Kurta-859971.html,ITI,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing yellow coloured kurta by ITI. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Yellow,IT826WA28YDVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Pink-Embellished-Kurta-859973.html,ITI,Look like a dream wearing kurta by ITI. Made from georgette this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Pink,IT826WA26YDXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Henley,Calf Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Color-Embellished-Kurta-859975.html,ITI,Make the girls go green wearing multicoloured kurta by ITI. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Multi,IT826WA24YDZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Red-Embroidered-Kurta-859977.html,ITI,Make the girls go green wearing red coloured kurta by ITI. Made from crepe this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Red,IT826WA22YEBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Black-Embellished-Kurta-859979.html,ITI,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing black coloured kurta by ITI. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Black,IT826WA20YEDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Calf Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-White-Embroidered-Kurta-859981.html,ITI,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing white coloured kurta by ITI. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,White,IT826WA18YEFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Color-Embellished-Kurta-859983.html,ITI,Make the girls go green wearing multicoloured kurta by ITI. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Multi,IT826WA16YEHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Calf Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-859985.html,ITI,Look like a dream wearing kurta by ITI. Made from georgette this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Blue,IT826WA14YEJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Asymmetric,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-859987.html,ITI,Make the girls go green wearing blue coloured kurta by ITI. Made from net this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Net,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Blue,IT826WA12YELINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-White-Embroidered-Kurta-859989.html,ITI,Make the girls go green wearing white coloured kurta by ITI. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,Regular,White,IT826WA10YENINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Black-Embroidered-Kurta-859991.html,ITI,Make the girls go green wearing black coloured kurta by ITI. Made from modal this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,MODAL,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Black,IT826WA08YEPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Blue-Printed-Kurta-859993.html,ITI,Make the girls go green wearing blue coloured kurta by ITI. Made from crepe this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Crepe,HANDWASH,Regular,Blue,IT826WA06YERINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Blue-Solid-Kurta-859995.html,ITI,Look like a dream wearing kurta by ITI. Made from silk blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,SILK BLEND,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Blue,IT826WA04YETINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Trousers-859997.html,ITI,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion wearing trousers by ITI. Made of modal these trousers will keep you comfortable the entire day. Pair these trousers with a black coloured shirt and high heels for a stunning look.,Coloured Pants,MODAL,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA02YEVINDFAS,,,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Trousers-859999.html,ITI,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion wearing trousers by ITI. Made of georgette these trousers will keep you comfortable the entire day. Pair these trousers with a black coloured shirt and high heels for a stunning look.,Palazzo,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA00YEXINDFAS,,,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-New-Look-Black-Printed-Top-860001.html,New Look,Look feminine and more charming by wearing this floral top from New Look. Made from polyester this top has ruffled sleeves and round neck. You can easily team it with a skirt or wear this top with jeans to look gorgeous.,Blouses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,NE499WA98YEZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-New-Look-Navy-3-4Th-Sleeves-Top-860003.html,New Look,A classic feel is what this navy blue coloured top from New Look promises to offer. This crochet top features elegant sleeves and a pleasing design that further make it a perfect pick for evening as well as daytime occasions. The polycotton spandex material further makes it light in weight and a comfortable garment. Simply club this regular-fit top with jeans and heels to look stunning.,Blouses,Polycotton Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Navy Blue,NE499WA96YFBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/new-look-New-Look-Black-Skater-Dress-860005.html,New Look,If you are frequent to those red carpet parties then this black dress by New Look will surely appeal to you. While the chic lace detailing on the neckline will accentuate your ample bust in the most beautiful manner the low-cut styling at the back adds a touch of sensuality to it. Team this polyester dress with a pair of trendy belly shoes to earn all positive reviews from fashion lovers.,Skater Dresses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,NE499WA94YFDINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Beige-Winter-Jackets-860009.html,Vero Moda,To achieve a perfect classy look you must get this beige coloured blazer from VERO MODA. Most women would fight to own this elegant piece of outfit due to its impeccable make. Fashioned from polyester blend this regular-fit blazer will be comfortable for you to wear at all times. Wear a pretty top under it along with a pair of skinny-fit formal trousers to impress everyone at work.,Fitted Blazers,Polyester Blend,dark colours to be washed separately,Fitted BlazersRegular,Beige,VE693WA90YFHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Winter-Jackets-860011.html,Vero Moda,You will surely earn scores of new admirers when you wear this blue blazer by VERO MODA. Featuring a lapel collar twin side pockets and excellent finish it will complement all your business suits. Made from polyester blend this regular-fit blazer is lightweight and skin friendly.,Fitted Blazers,Polyester Blend,dark colours to be washed separately,Fitted BlazersRegular,Blue,VE693WA88YFJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Grey-Winter-Jackets-860013.html,Vero Moda,Keep yourself warm even in extreme cold weather conditions by wearing this grey jacket by VERO MODA. Featuring a simple design zip-button fastening and excellent finish this hooded jacket will lend you a glamorous look in no time. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is lightweight and skin friendly.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,VE693WA86YFLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Wine-Winter-Jackets-860015.html,Vero Moda,Keep yourself warm even in extreme cold weather conditions by wearing this wine jacket by VERO MODA. Featuring a simple design zip-button fastening and excellent finish this hooded jacket will lend you a glamorous look in no time. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is lightweight and skin friendly.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Wine,VE693WA84YFNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Long-Sleeve-Sweater-860017.html,Vero Moda,Impress your peers with your amazing dressing sense by wearing this blue cardigan by VERO MODA. Featuring a simple design and a zip closure it will lend you a glamorous look in no time. Tailored in regular fit from acrylic blend it will keep you cosy and relaxed all day long.,,ACRYLIC BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA82YFPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Long-Sleeve-Shrug-860019.html,Vero Moda,Take 9-to-5 look to a new level wearing thisshrugby Vero Moda. Fashioned using 100% viscose this shrugwill not fail to catch your fancy at a single glance. This comfortable shrugcan be clubbed with your desired attire withease.,,100% Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA80YFRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Cream-Scarf-860021.html,Vero Moda,Add grace and vibrancy to your casual look with this cream coloured scarf from VERO MODA. Made from soft acrylic fabric and featuring an attractive star print this scarf is a perfect pick when you are heading out with friends.,Scarves & Stoles,100% Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Cream,VE693WA78YFTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Grey-Scarf-860023.html,Vero Moda,Look glamorous like a true fashion diva by wearing this grey scarf by VERO MODA. While the captivating star print enhances the fashion appeal of this scarf the fine acrylic fabric makes it durable and skin friendly.,Scarves & Stoles,100% Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,VE693WA76YFVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Off-White-Scarf-860025.html,Vero Moda,Add subtlety and grace to your casual look with this off-white coloured scarf from VERO MODA. Made from soft acrylic fabric this scarf is a perfect pick when you are heading out with friends.,Scarves & Stoles,100% Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,VE693WA74YFXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Grey-Scarf-860027.html,Vero Moda,Look glamorous like a true fashion diva by wearing this grey scarf by VERO MODA. While the captivating pattern enhances the fashion appeal of this scarf the fine acrylic fabric makes it durable and skin friendly.,Scarves & Stoles,100% Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,VE693WA72YFZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Scarf-860033.html,Vero Moda,Update your winter accessories by adding this voguish scarf for women by VERO MODA. Black in colour this scarf exhibits a striking pattern. Fashioned from 100% acrylic this scarf is soft to touch and comfortable to wear.,Scarves & Stoles,100% Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA66YGFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Scarf-860035.html,Vero Moda,,Scarves & Stoles,100% Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA64YGHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Sweater-860037.html,Vero Moda,Wear this blue coloured cardigan by VERO MODAon an evening date and let your beloved get mesmerised by your classy appearance. The sequin work further adds a glamorous touch to this pretty creation. Club it with a woollen skirt and a black top to look stunning. Made from polyester blend this regular-fit cardigan is light in weight and soft against the skin.,,Polyester Blend,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA62YGJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Red-Sweater-860041.html,Vero Moda,The attractive design of this red coloured cardigan from VERO MODA will certainly make you stand out for your amazing dressing style. Club this cardigan with a dress or jeans to look stunning. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit cardigan is light in weight and will keep you comfortable to wear.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,VE693WA58YGNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Purple-Sweater-860043.html,Vero Moda,The attractive design of this purple coloured cardigan from VERO MODA will certainly make you stand out for your amazing dressing style. Club this cardigan with a dress or jeans to look stunning. Made from acrylic blend this regular-fit cardigan is light in weight and will keep you comfortable to wear.,,ACRYLIC BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Purple,VE693WA56YGPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-White-Top-860045.html,Vero Moda,Earn an all-access pass as you wear this white coloured topfrom the house of VERO MODA. Made of premium quality acrylic this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,VE693WA54YGRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Dress-860047.html,Vero Moda,Shun the shackles of bygone fashion wearing thisdressby VERO MODA. Crafted from acrylic blend it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessories.,Shift Dresses,ACRYLIC BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA52YGTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Beige-Sweater-860049.html,Vero Moda,Let everyone notice you for your new winter look as you wear this beige coloured long cardigan from VERO MODA. Featuring a stylish neckline twin pockets and a front full zip this cardigan will help you make a distinct style statement. Made from acrylic this regular-fit cardigan will keep you cosy all day long. It can be best teamed with a contrast coloured muffler pair of jeans and long boots.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Beige,VE693WA50YGVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Sweater-860051.html,Vero Moda,The attractive design of this grey coloured cardigan from VERO MODA will certainly make you stand out for your amazing dressing style. Club this cardigan with a dress or jeans to look stunning. Made from acrylic this regular-fit cardigan is light in weight and will keep you comfortable to wear.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,VE693WA48YGXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Pink-Sweater-860053.html,Vero Moda,Nothing goes wrong when you are on the right fashion track! VERO MODA presents this pink cardigan that will certainly keep you ahead of the fashion pack. Fashioned from viscose blend this regular-fit cardigan will keep you cosy and comfortable all day long. Complement this cardigan with jeans and flaunt a chic look.,,VISCOSE BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,VE693WA46YGZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-White-Sweater-860055.html,Vero Moda,Nothing can go wrong when you are on the right fashion track! VERO MODA presents this white coloured cardigan that will certainly keep you ahead of the fashion pack. Fashioned from viscose blend this regular-fit cardigan will keep you cosy and comfortable all day long. Complement this cardigan with jeans and flaunt a chic look.,,VISCOSE BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,VE693WA44YHBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Pink-Sweatshirt-860057.html,Vero Moda,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner by wearing this pink sweatshirt from the latest collection of VERO MODA. While the striking pattern all over lends it a feminine feel the polyester blend fabric makes this regular-fit sweatshirt lightweight and skin friendly. Team it with a pair of denims and sneakers to complete your casual look for the day.,,Polyester Blend,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,VE693WA42YHDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Beige-Top-860059.html,Vero Moda,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side when you wear this beige coloured topby VERO MODA. Made from 100% cotton this top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Beige,VE693WA40YHFINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-White-Top-860061.html,Vero Moda,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road as you wear this top in white colour from the house of VERO MODA. While the white colour adds to your feminine charm the stylegives your overall look some definition. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,VE693WA38YHHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Red-Winter-Jackets-860063.html,Vero Moda,Beat the winter chill in style as you wear this red coloured jacket from VERO MODA. The fur detailing on the hood makes this jacket stylish and trendy. Made from PU (polyurethane) this quilted jacket will surely add a unique charm to your winter look this season.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,VE693WA36YHJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Maroon-Dress-860065.html,Vero Moda,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort wearing thispurple coloured dress by VERO MODA. Made of premium quality viscose blend this dressis high on comfort. Club it with platform heels to look astonishingly charming.,Bodycon Dresses,VISCOSE BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Maroon,VE693WA34YHLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Jegging-860069.html,Vero Moda,Stay stylish and glamorous by wearing this pair of black jeggings from the latest collection of VERO MODA. Featuring excellent fit and finish these regular-fit jeggings will complement all your tunics and long coats. Made of fine polycotton spandex fabric these jeggings are extremely skin friendly.,,COTTONPOLY SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA30YHPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Winter-Jackets-860071.html,Vero Moda,VERO MODA presents this blue coloured jacket which will make you look effortlessly stylish. Made of PU (polyurethane) this jacket for women is high no style and easy to care for. Featuring regular fit this short jacket is ideal to be worn in winter.,Jackets,PU,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA28YHRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Maroon-Winter-Jackets-860073.html,Vero Moda,Look hottest than ever this winter by wearing this maroon jacket by VERO MODA. Simple and classy in design it exhibits a twin side pockets and a front zip closure. Made of PU (polyurethane) this regular-fit jacket will keep you warm and cosy all day long.,Jackets,PU,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Maroon,VE693WA26YHTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Jeans-860075.html,Vero Moda,Stow away your old stuff wearing these jeans by VERO MODA. Made of cottonpoly spandex thesejeans will keep you comfortable in summers. Tailored in regular fit this pair of jeans will go well with T-shirts and tops.,,COTTONPOLY SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA24YHVINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Top-860077.html,Vero Moda,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing this black coloured topby VERO MODA. Fashioned using 100% polyester this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA22YHXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Whtie-Top-860079.html,Vero Moda,,Blouses,Polyester Blend,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,VE693WA20YHZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Trousers-860081.html,Vero Moda,Add pizzazz to your look wearing these trousers by VERO MODA. Designed for fashion-forward women these pants will become one of your favourites this season. Club these with your favourite top and step out in a casual yet classy look.,Chinos,COTTONPOLY SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA18YIBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Pink-Top-860083.html,Vero Moda,Keep your look fresh when you wear this topfrom the house of VERO MODA. Made from acrylic blend this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summer. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,ACRYLIC BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,VE693WA16YIDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Yellow-Top-860085.html,Vero Moda,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing this yellow coloured topby VERO MODA. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality acrylic blend. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,ACRYLIC BLEND,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Yellow,VE693WA14YIFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Winter-Jackets-860087.html,Vero Moda,The chemistry between white and black is always classy! Look gorgeous and put your best casual look forward by wearing this amazing jacket by VERO MODA that exhibits a charming interplay of white and black. While the striking print lends it a feminine feel the fine cotton fabric makes this regular-fit jacket lightweight and skin friendly.,Fitted Blazers,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Fitted BlazersRegular,Black,VE693WA12YIHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Skirts-860089.html,Vero Moda,Funk up your casual look wearing this blue coloured skirt from VERO MODA. Fashioned from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex this regular-fit skirt is stretchable and comfortable to wear. Complement this skirt with a shirt or crop top as per your fashion sense.,A-line,95%COTTON 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA10YIJINDFAS,,,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Yellow-T-Shirt-860091.html,Vero Moda,A mere look will be enough for you to fall in love with this yellow coloured T-shirt from VERO MODA. Featuring an attractive print this 100% cotton T-shirt will keep you at utmost ease all day long. To look your casual best team this regular-fit T-shirt with jeans and belly shoes.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Yellow,VE693WA08YILINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Dress-860093.html,Vero Moda,Jet from day to night with ease wearing thisdressby VERO MODA. This attractive dresses is the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look.Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA06YININDFAS,Sleeveless,High Neck,Mini,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Skirts-860095.html,Vero Moda,For times when you want to dress up simple yet look stylish this black coloured midi skirt from VERO MODA is an ideal pick. Fashioned from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% spandex this regular-fit skirt is stretchable and comfortable to wear. Classy in appeal this skirt will look best when teamed with a top and belly shoes.,A-line,95%POLYESTER 5%SPANDEX(STRETCHABLE),dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA04YIPINDFAS,,,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Top-860097.html,Vero Moda,Keep your look lively when you wear this black coloured topby VERO MODA. Made of premium quality 100% polyester this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA02YIRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Jeans-860099.html,Vero Moda,Jet from day to night with ease as you wear thesejeans from the house of VEROMODA. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Featuring a distinctive design and pattern these comfortable jeans will not fail to catch your fancy at a single glance.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA00YITINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Pink-Top-860101.html,Vero Moda,Get a stylish update on the sartorial look wearing thispink coloured topby VEROMODA. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality 100% polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,VE693WA98YIVINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Scarf-860103.html,Vero Moda,Give yourself a stylish edge over others by wrapping this blue scarf by VERO MODA around your neck. While the captivating print lends it a feminine feel the soft polyester fabric makes this scarf durable and skin friendly.,Scarves & Stoles,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA96YIXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Stripe-Top-860105.html,Vero Moda,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style as you wear this top in blue colour from the house of VERO MODA. Fashioned using 100% cotton this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA94YIZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Green-T-Shirt-860107.html,Vero Moda,A mere look will be enough for you to fall in love with this aqua blue coloured T-shirt from VERO MODA. Featuring an attractive print this 100% cotton T-shirt will keep you at utmost ease all day long. To look your casual best team this regular-fit T-shirt with jeans and belly shoes.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Green,VE693WA92YJBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Grey-T-Shirt-860109.html,Vero Moda,A mere look will be enough for you to fall in love with this grey coloured T-shirt from VERO MODA. Featuring an attractive print this 100% cotton T-shirt will keep you at utmost ease all day long. To look your casual best team this regular-fit T-shirt with jeans and belly shoes.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,VE693WA90YJDINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Pink-T-Shirt-860111.html,Vero Moda,A mere look will be enough for you to fall in love with this pink coloured T-shirt from VERO MODA. Featuring an attractive print this 100% cotton T-shirt will keep you at utmost ease all day long. To look your casual best team this regular-fit T-shirt with jeans and belly shoes.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,VE693WA88YJFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-White-T-Shirt-860113.html,Vero Moda,Look hotter than ever by wearing this white T-shirt from the latest collection of VERO MODA. While the print on the front elevates the fashion appeal of this regular-fit T-shirt the breathable cotton fabric promises a soft feel.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,VE693WA86YJHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Green-Tunic-860115.html,Vero Moda,,,Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Green,VE693WA84YJJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Tunic-860117.html,Vero Moda,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer when you wear this blue coloured tunicby Vero Moda. This tunicis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality viscose. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA82YJLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Red-Tunic-860119.html,Vero Moda,Unlock the secret toultimate comfort as you wear this tunicfrom the house of Vero Moda. While the red colour adds to your feminine charm the sleeves and collar give your overall look some definition. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,Viscose,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,VE693WA80YJNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-White-Top-860121.html,Vero Moda,Make the guys forget the world wearing this white coloured topfrom the house of VERO MODA. Made of premium quality 100% polyester this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,VE693WA78YJPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Top-860123.html,Vero Moda,Melt the rainbow as you wear this top in black colour from the house of VERO MODA. Made from 100% polyester this top will keep you comfortable in summers. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA76YJRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Scoop Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Blue-Top-860125.html,Vero Moda,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing this blue coloured topby VERO MODA. Made of premium quality 100% polyester this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,VE693WA74YJTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Winter-Jackets-860127.html,Vero Moda,Look hottest than ever by wearing this black jacket from the latest collection of VERO MODA. While the unconventional print lends more vibrancy to this regular-fit jacket the polyester fabric makes it lightweight. Team it with your best casual outfits to make a cool fashion statement.,Fitted Blazers,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Fitted BlazersRegular,Black,VE693WA72YJVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Beige-Top-860129.html,Vero Moda,Jet from day to night with ease as you wear this top in beige colour from the house of VERO MODA. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality 100% polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Beige,VE693WA70YJXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Top-860131.html,Vero Moda,Double your fashion flair when you wear this black coloured topby VERO MODA. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality 100% polyester. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA68YJZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Black-Trousers-860133.html,Vero Moda,Keep your look lively wearing these trousers by VERO MODA. Made of polyester spandex these trousers will keep you comfortable the entire day. Club these with your favourite top and step out in a casual yet classy look.,Chinos,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,VE693WA66YKBINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vero-moda-Navy-Blue-Top-860135.html,Vero Moda,Play up girly elements correctly wearing this navy blue coloured topby VERO MODA. Fashioned using polyester blend this topwill keep you comfortableall day long. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester Blend,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Navy Blue,VE693WA64YKDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Pink-Solid-Skater-Dress-860137.html,Bossini,If versatality is your game then wear this dress&nbsp,Skater Dresses,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,Pink,BO023WA62YKFINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Bossini-Blue-Solid-Bodycon-Dress-860139.html,Bossini,<p>For an unexpected update to any occasion wear this blue coloured dress&nbsp,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,Machine wash at 40C Do not bleach Mild iron Do not dry clean Do not Thumble dry Wash dark colour separately Flat dry in Shade,Regular,Blue,BO023WA60YKHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Green-Solids-Dresses-860149.html,Magnetic Designs,Lusting after luster wearing dress by Magnetic Designs. Crafted from georgette it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Green,MA304WA50YKRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Green-Solids-Dresses-860151.html,Magnetic Designs,Lusting after luster wearing dress by Magnetic Designs. Crafted from georgette it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Green,MA304WA48YKTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Green-Solids-Dresses-860153.html,Magnetic Designs,Lusting after luster wearing dress by Magnetic Designs. Crafted from georgette it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Green,MA304WA46YKVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Green-Solids-Dresses-860155.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this green coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Green,MA304WA44YKXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Orange-Printed-Dresses-860157.html,Magnetic Designs,Lusting after luster wearing orange coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made of premium quality georgette this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Orange,MA304WA42YKZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Orange-Printed-Dresses-860161.html,Magnetic Designs,Lusting after luster wearing orange coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made of premium quality georgette this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Orange,MA304WA38YLDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Orange-Printed-Dresses-860163.html,Magnetic Designs,Lusting after luster wearing orange coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made of premium quality georgette this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Orange,MA304WA36YLFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Multi-Printed-Dresses-860165.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this multicoloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Multi,MA304WA34YLHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Multi-Printed-Dresses-860167.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this multicoloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Multi,MA304WA32YLJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Multi-Printed-Dresses-860169.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this multicoloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Multi,MA304WA30YLLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Multi-Printed-Dresses-860171.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this multicoloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Multi,MA304WA28YLNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Beige-Printed-Dresses-860173.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this beige coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Beige,MA304WA26YLPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Beige-Printed-Dresses-860175.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this beige coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Beige,MA304WA24YLRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Beige-Printed-Dresses-860177.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this beige coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Beige,MA304WA22YLTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Beige-Printed-Dresses-860179.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this beige coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Beige,MA304WA20YLVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Black-Printed-Dresses-860197.html,Magnetic Designs,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Asymmetric Dresses,Cotton,Machine Wash,Regular,Black,MA304WA02YMNINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Black-Printed-Dresses-860201.html,Magnetic Designs,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Asymmetric Dresses,Cotton,Machine Wash,Regular,Black,MA304WA98YMRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Black-Printed-Dresses-860203.html,Magnetic Designs,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Asymmetric Dresses,Cotton,Machine Wash,Regular,Black,MA304WA96YMTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Purple-Solids-Dresses-860213.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this purple coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Purple,MA304WA86YNDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Purple-Solids-Dresses-860215.html,Magnetic Designs,Lusting after luster wearing dress by Magnetic Designs. Crafted from georgette it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Purple,MA304WA84YNFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Purple-Solids-Dresses-860217.html,Magnetic Designs,Pull together a chic look when you wear this purple coloured dress by Magnetic Designs. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Purple,MA304WA82YNHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/magnetic-designs-Purple-Solids-Dresses-860219.html,Magnetic Designs,Lusting after luster wearing dress by Magnetic Designs. Crafted from georgette it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Purple,MA304WA80YNJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Multi-Winter-Jackets-860293.html,River Island,Join the league of celebrities and put your best casual look forward by wearing this multicoloured jacket by River Island. Adorned with an eye-catching print it also exhibits a refined colour scheme for added attraction. Made of polyester it is lightweight and skin friendly.,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,,,Multi,RI264WA06YQFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Black-Dress-860295.html,River Island,Exhibit your most elegant self by wearing this black coloured dress from River Island. This short flared dress will truly make your appearance take a U-turn with its chic design. Made from polyester it will hug your body perfectly lending optimum comfort at the same time. This cap-sleeved dress when teamed with a pair of black stilettos will give you a flawless look that you can flaunt at a formal event.,Shift Dresses,100% POLYESTER,,,Black,RI264WA04YQHINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Grey-Shirt-860297.html,River Island,Make a stellar impact on people around you wearing this grey coloured tunic from the house of River Island. Made of 100% polyester this tunic exemplifies great comfort all day long. This printed tunic will look perfect when paired with jeggings and sky-high heels.,,100% POLYESTER,,,Grey,RI264WA02YQJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Acrylic-Off-White-Kurta-860299.html,Shree,Keep your look lively as you wear this kurtafrom the house of Shree. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft acrylic fabric. This attractive kurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Acrylic,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Off White,SH629WA00YQLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Acrylic-Off-White-Kurta-860301.html,Shree,Play up girly elements correctly wearing thiskurtaby Shree. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft acrylic fabric. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Acrylic,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Off White,SH629WA98YQNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Jaquard-Green-Kurta-860303.html,Shree,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer when you wear this green coloured kurta by Shree. Made from Jacquard fabric this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. When worn with contrast coloureddupatta and salwar itwill further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Jaquard,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Green,SH629WA96YQPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Jaquard-Orange-Kurta-860305.html,Shree,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer wearing thiskurtaby Shree. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft Jaquard fabric. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Jaquard,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Orange,SH629WA94YQRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Jaquard-Yellow-Kurta-860307.html,Shree,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing this yellow coloured kurta by Shree. Made from Jacquard fabric which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Jaquard,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Yellow,SH629WA92YQTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Jaquard-Pink-Kurta-860309.html,Shree,Add pizzazz to your look as you wear this,Kurta,Jaquard,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Pink,SH629WA90YQVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Grey-Kurta-860311.html,Shree,For an unexpected update to any outfit as you wear this grey coloured kurtafrom the house of Shree. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and the soft cotton fabric will keep you comfortable.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Grey,SH629WA88YQXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Cream-Kurta-860313.html,Shree,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this kurtafrom the house of Shree. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta will besoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Cream,SH629WA86YQZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Peach-Kurta-860315.html,Shree,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing this kurta by Shree. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Peach,SH629WA84YRBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Red-Kurta-860317.html,Shree,Pull together a chic look as you wear this red coloured kurtafrom the house of Shree. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and the soft cotton fabric will keep you comfortable. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Red,SH629WA82YRDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Green-Kurta-860319.html,Shree,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road as you wear this kurtain green colour from the house of Shree. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurtaissoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Green,SH629WA80YRFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Pink-Kurta-860321.html,Shree,Flaunt a nonchalant look wearing this pink coloured kurta by Shree. Made from cotton it ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Pink,SH629WA78YRHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Multi-Color-Kurta-860323.html,Shree,Dress up your summer sensibility wearing this multicoloured kurtaby Shree. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Multi,SH629WA76YRJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Multi-Color-Kurta-860325.html,Shree,Make the girls go green wearing thiskurtaby Shree. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractive kurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Multi,SH629WA74YRLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Multi-Color-Kurta-860327.html,Shree,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this multicoloured kurtafrom the house of Shree. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Multi,SH629WA72YRNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Fuchsia-Kurta-860329.html,Shree,Upgrade your staple look as you wear this fuchsia coloured kurtafrom the house of Shree. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and the soft cotton fabric will keep you comfortable. When worn contrast coloured dupattaand salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Fuchsia,SH629WA70YRPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-860331.html,Shree,Lustafter luster wearing thiskurtaby Shree. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Blue,SH629WA68YRRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Mustard-Yellow-Kurta-860333.html,Shree,Play up girly elements correctly wearing this mustard yellow coloured kurta by Shree. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of its soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Mustard Yellow,SH629WA66YRTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Green-Kurta-860335.html,Shree,Flaunt a no-fuss look wearing this green colouredkurtaby Shree. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Green,SH629WA64YRVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-860337.html,Shree,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this kurtain blue colour from the house of Shree. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Blue,SH629WA62YRXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Green-Kurta-860339.html,Shree,Double your fashion flair as you wear this kurtain green colour from the house of Shree. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurtaissoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Green,SH629WA60YRZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Fuchsia-Kurta-860341.html,Shree,Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Then go ahead and wear this fuchsia coloured kurtaby Shree. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Fuchsia,SH629WA58YSBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Orange-Kurta-860343.html,Shree,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side wearing this orange coloured kurtaby Shree. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Orange,SH629WA56YSDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Green-Kurta-860345.html,Shree,Earn an all-access pass wearing this kurtaby Shree. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Green,SH629WA54YSFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Fuchsia-Kurta-860347.html,Shree,Upgrade your staple look when you wear this fuchsia coloured kurtaby Shree. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Fuchsia,SH629WA52YSHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Acrylic-Orange-Kurta-860349.html,Shree,Play up girly elements correctly wearing this orange colouredkurtaby Shree. Made from acrylic this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Acrylic,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Orange,SH629WA50YSJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Acrylic-Blue-Kurta-860351.html,Shree,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurtafrom the house of Shree. Made from acrylic this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Acrylic,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Blue,SH629WA48YSLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Acrylic-Black-Kurta-860353.html,Shree,,Kurta,Acrylic,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Black,SH629WA46YSNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Acrylic-Off-White-Kurta-860355.html,Shree,Add pizzazz to your look wearing this blue coloured kurta by Shree. This kurtais made from acrylic which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Acrylic,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Off White,SH629WA44YSPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-860357.html,Shree,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style wearing this blue coloured kurtaby Shree. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Blue,SH629WA42YSRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-White-Kurta-860359.html,Shree,Get in touch with your feminine side when you wear this white coloured kurta by Shree. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,White,SH629WA40YSTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Rayon-Blue-Kurta-860361.html,Shree,Double your fashion flair as you wear this kurtain blue colour from the house of Shree. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and the soft rayon will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Rayon,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Blue,SH629WA38YSVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Rayon-Green-Kurta-860363.html,Shree,Dress up your summer sensibility wearing thiskurtaby Shree. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and the soft rayon will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your ethnic look for the day.,Kurta,Rayon,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Green,SH629WA36YSXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Rayon-Multi-Color-Kurta-860365.html,Shree,Melt the rainbow wearing this multi coloured kurta by Shree. Made from rayon this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Rayon,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Multi,SH629WA34YSZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Fuchsia-Kurta-860367.html,Shree,Lustafter luster when you wear this fuchsia coloured kurtaby Shree. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and the soft cotton will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Fuchsia,SH629WA32YTBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-860369.html,Shree,Your savoir faire will be highlighted when you wear this blue coloured kurtaby Shree. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta will besoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Blue,SH629WA30YTDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Cotton-Black-Kurta-860371.html,Shree,Keep your look lively wearing thiskurtaby Shree. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and the soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your ethnic look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Black,SH629WA28YTFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Multi-Printed-Dupattas-860373.html,Shree,Make a stylish addition to your ethnic wear collection with this multicoloured dupatta from Shree. Featuring a beautiful mix of abstract and ethnic prints this dupatta will surely make you stand out in the crowd. Made from Bhagalpuri art silk this dupatta features subtle sheen and tassels. Wear this trendy dupatta with a matching or a contrast coloured kurta to look stunning.,,BHAGALPURI SILK,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Multi,SH629WA26YTHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Multi-Printed-Dupattas-860375.html,Shree,Spice up your traditional look with this multicoloured dupatta by Shree. Vibrant and visually appealing it exhibits a charming pattern on the body. The border showcases a chic print of women for a more feminine effect. Made of Bhagalpuri artificial silk this creation is also extremely skin friendly.,,BHAGALPURI SILK,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Multi,SH629WA24YTJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Multi-Printed-Dupattas-860377.html,Shree,Spice up your traditional look with this multicoloured dupatta by Shree. Vibrant and visually appealing it exhibits a charming pattern on the body. The border showcases a chic print of women for a more feminine effect. Made of Bhagalpuri artificial silk this creation is also extremely skin friendly.,,BHAGALPURI SILK,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Multi,SH629WA22YTLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/shree-Multi-Printed-Dupattas-860379.html,Shree,Amplify your graceful look by wearing this multicoloured dupatta by Shree. Adorned with a chic print it exhibits a striking tassel detailing for added attraction. Made of Bhagalpuri artificial silk this creation also promises a soft feel.,,BHAGALPURI SILK,WASH SEPRATELY,Regular,Multi,SH629WA20YTNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-bennett-Multi-Dresses-860389.html,Miss Bennett,Make an impression on your friends wearing this voguish maxi dress from Miss Bennett. Black in colour this regular-fit dress will certainly lend you a look worth flaunting. Featuring a striking print this polyester dress will look best when teamed with high heels.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,Regular,Multi,MI162WA10YTXINDFAS,Short Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sand-dune-White-Embroidered-Nightwear-861409.html,Sand Dune,Sleep well at night by wearing this white coloured nightwear for women from Sand Dune. Made from cotton this full-length nightwear has half-sleeves and an embroidered yoke that adds some beauty to it. You can easily wear it at night to make sure that you wake up all refreshed the next morning.,Night Suits,Cotton,Do not brush. Machine wash only. Wash colors separetly . Use mild detergent And do not bleach. Warm iron only. No guarantee for bubbles.,,White,SA254WA90AHDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Boat Neck,Full Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sand-dune-White-Embroidered-Nightwear-861411.html,Sand Dune,Sleep well at night by wearing this white coloured nightwear for women from Sand Dune. Made from cotton this full-length nightwear has half-sleeves and an embroidered yoke that adds some beauty to it. You can easily wear it at night to make sure that you wake up refreshed the next morning.,Night Suits,Cotton,Do not brush. Machine wash only. Wash colors separetly . Use mild detergent And do not bleach. Warm iron only. No guarantee for bubbles.,,White,SA254WA88AHFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Boat Neck,Full Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vida-White-Embroidered-Dress-Material-861605.html,Vida,A mere look will make you fall in love with this bright and trendy white coloured dress material from Vida. Featuring an eye-catching print this attractive dress material will make a great addition to your ethnic wear collection. It includes a top (3.00 m) bottoms (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,White,VI399WA94AORINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vida-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-861607.html,Vida,A mere look will make you fall in love with this bright and trendy pink coloured dress material from Vida. Featuring an eye-catching print this attractive dress material will make a great addition to your ethnic wear collection. It includes a top (3.00 m) bottoms (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Pink,VI399WA92AOTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vida-Beige-Embroidered-Dress-Material-861609.html,Vida,A mere look will make you fall in love with this bright and trendy beige coloured dress material from Vida. Featuring an eye-catching print this attractive dress material will make a great addition to your ethnic wear collection. It includes a top (3.00 m) bottoms (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Net,Dry Clean,,Beige,VI399WA90AOVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vida-White-Embroidered-Dress-Material-861611.html,Vida,A mere look will make you fall in love with this bright and trendy white coloured dress material from Vida. Featuring an eye-catching print this attractive dress material will make a great addition to your ethnic wear collection. It includes a top (3.00 m) bottoms (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,White,VI399WA88AOXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vida-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-861613.html,Vida,A mere look will make you fall in love with this bright and trendy pink coloured dress material from Vida. Featuring an eye-catching print this attractive dress material will make a great addition to your ethnic wear collection. It includes a top (3.00 m) bottoms (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Pink,VI399WA86AOZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vida-Navy-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-861615.html,Vida,A mere look will make you fall in love with this bright and trendy navy blue coloured dress material from Vida. Featuring an eye-catching print this attractive dress material will make a great addition to your ethnic wear collection. It includes a top (3.00 m) bottoms (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Navy Blue,VI399WA84APBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Moonga-Cotton-Check-Banarasi-Border-Yellow-Saree-861673.html,Bunkar,Compete with the best runway models by draping this saree by Bunkar. Simple and classy in design it will surely earn you all positive reviews from fashion lovers. Team this cotton blend saree with statement jewellery and high heels to look ravishing. It measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Yellow,BU651WA26ARHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Organza-Silk-Check-Banarasi-Black-Saree-861683.html,Bunkar,Make space in your well-maintained wardrobe for one of the most elegant Indian outfits thatyou can possibly find this black coloured saree by Bunkar. This saree which is made from silk blend is extremely lightweight and easy to drape. Also the charm it brings to your appearance due to its striking prints is undying and eternal. All that is needed to complement it is a pair of dull gold earrings. It measures 5.50 m and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Black,BU651WA16ARRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Pure-Cotton-Supernet-Banarasi-Resham-Work-Yellow-Saree-861693.html,Bunkar,Fabulously designed this yellow coloured saree from Bunkar will certainly make you look beautiful and appealing. Featuring attractive motifs this saree will be a unique addition to your ethnic wear collection. Made from cotton this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and easy to drape. This saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,,Yellow,BU651WA06ASBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Royal-Blue-Saree-861699.html,Bunkar,Classy and appealing this saree from Bunkar will certainly make you look elegant. This saree features a pretty design and is comfortable to carry all day long. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and a fine quality product to invest in. It comes with a 0.80 m matching blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,BU651WA00ASHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Mehendi-Saree-861719.html,Bunkar,Look your ethnic best wearing this green coloured saree from the house of Bunkar. Made of silk blend this saree is quite comfortable to wear and skin friendly as well. Easy to drape this saree will look perfect when paired with a kundan necklace set. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Green,BU651WA80ATBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Peach-Saree-861727.html,Bunkar,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Peach,BU651WA72ATJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Magenta-Saree-861739.html,Bunkar,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Magenta,BU651WA60ATVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Rani-Pink-Saree-861745.html,Bunkar,Look party ready and feel gorgeous by wearing this pink coloured saree that comes from Bunkar. Made from silk blend material this saree has gorgeous detailing all over. You can team this saree with a designer blouse and apply subtle makeup to look awe aspiring. This saree is 5.5 m long and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,BU651WA54AUBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Orange-Saree-861765.html,Bunkar,Make a stylish addition to your ethnic wear collection with this orange coloured saree from Bunkar. Designed to perfection this 5.5 m saree will lend you a look worth flaunting. Made from silk blend this saree features subtle sheen that is hard not to notice. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Orange,BU651WA34AUVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Green-Saree-861769.html,Bunkar,Look gorgeous like never before by draping this green saree by Bunkar. Featuring a refined colour scheme it exhibits a striking pattern all over for added attraction. Made of silk blend fabric this lightweight saree measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Green,BU651WA30AUZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Sky-Blue-Saree-861773.html,Bunkar,Compete with the best runway models by draping this blue saree by Bunkar. Adorned with a striking pattern and exhibiting a refined colour scheme it will surely earn you all positive reviews from fashion lovers. Made of silk blend fabric it is lightweight and easy to drape. It measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,BU651WA26AVDINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Pink-Saree-861783.html,Bunkar,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Pink,BU651WA16AVNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Black-Saree-861789.html,Bunkar,Redefine your personal style by wearing this black coloured saree from Bunkar. This classy saree features an attractive pattern all over and is perfect for special occasions. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and easy to carry all day long. This saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Black,BU651WA10AVTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Silk-Fancy-Banarasi-Zari-Work-Purple-Saree-861793.html,Bunkar,Classy and appealing this saree from Bunkar will certainly make you look elegant. This saree features a pretty design and is comfortable to carry all day long. Made from silk blend this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and a fine quality product to invest in. It comes with a 0.80 m matching blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Purple,BU651WA06AVXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Chanderi-Cotton-Banarasi-Magenta-Saree-861801.html,Bunkar,,,CHANDERI,GENTLE WASH,,Magenta,BU651WA98AWFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Faux-Chanderi-Cotton-Banarasi-Purple-Saree-861803.html,Bunkar,A gorgeous ethnic pick for this season is this beautiful purple saree from Bunkar. The charming ethnic motifs on this saree highlight its graceful appeal while the Chanderi cotton fabric assures lightweight comfort all day long. This saree measures 6.3 m including a 0.8 m blouse piece.,,CHANDERI,GENTLE WASH,,Purple,BU651WA96AWHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Organza-Silk-Check-Banarasi-Aanchal-Border-Black-Saree-861823.html,Bunkar,Look your ethnic best when wearing this black coloured saree from Bunkar. Featuring a stylish golden border and heavy pallu this saree will soon become your favourite. Made from silk blend this saree is easy to drape and features subtle sheen. Measuring 5.5 m this saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Black,BU651WA76AXBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Chanderi-Cotton-Banarasi-Cream-Saree-861837.html,Bunkar,,,CHANDERI,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,BU651WA62AXPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Organza-Silk-Banarasi-Multi-Work-Black-Saree-861841.html,Bunkar,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Black,BU651WA58AXTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Organza-Silk-Banarasi-Multi-Work-Royal-Blue-Saree-861843.html,Bunkar,You will surely steal the attention of every eye when you drape this amazing blue saree by Bunkar. Featuring an eye-catching design and pattern it will surely put you in the limelight. Made of fine silk blend fabric it is easy to carry and drape. It measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,BU651WA56AXVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Supernet-Fancy-Banarasi-Resham-Work-Grey-Saree-861883.html,Bunkar,Make space in your well-chosen wardrobe for one of the most elegant Indian outfits you can possibly find this grey coloured saree by Bunkar. This saree which is made from super net is extremely lightweight and easy to drape. Also the charm it brings to your appearance due to its striking prints is undying and eternal. All that is needed to complement itis a pair of dull gold earrings. It measures 5.50 m and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SUPER NET,GENTLE WASH,,Grey,BU651WA16AZJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Supernet-Fancy-Banarasi-Resham-Work-Green-Saree-861885.html,Bunkar,Make space in your well-chosen wardrobe for one of the most elegant Indian outfit you can possibly find thissaree by Bunkar. This saree which is made from super net is extremely lightweight and easy to drape as well. Also the charm it brings to your appearance due to its striking prints is undying and eternal. All that is needed to complement it is a pair of dull gold earrings. It measures 5.50 m and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SUPER NET,GENTLE WASH,,Green,BU651WA14AZLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bunkar-Supernet-Fancy-Banarasi-Resham-Work-Red-Saree-861891.html,Bunkar,Drape this beautiful saree from Bunkar and look stunning. This saree featuring classy motifs will be a pretty pick to be worn on casual occasions. Made from super net this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and comfortable to carry. This saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SUPER NET,GENTLE WASH,,Red,BU651WA08AZRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Blue-Printed-Tops-862049.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,Cold machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Hang dry Hot iron/steam,Regular,Blue,PE623WA50BFTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Black-Solids-Tops-862051.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal hand wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Black,PE623WA48BFVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Peach-Printed-Tops-862053.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in peach coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using rayon this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Rayon,Cold hand wash Wash separately Do not bleach Warm iron Do not tumble dry,Regular,Peach,PE623WA46BFXINDFAS,Sleeveless,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Blue-Printed-Tops-862055.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality rayon. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Rayon,Cold hand wash Wash separately Do not bleach Warm iron Do not tumble dry,Regular,Blue,PE623WA44BFZINDFAS,Sleeveless,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Beige-Printed-Tops-862059.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this beige coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Beige,PE623WA40BGDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Yellow-Printed-Tops-862061.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this yellow coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,Cold machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Hang dry Hot iron/steam,Regular,Yellow,PE623WA38BGFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Multi-Printed-Tops-862065.html,Pera Doce,,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Multi,PE623WA34BGJINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Yellow-Printed-Dresses-862067.html,Pera Doce,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by Pera Doce. Crafted from polyester it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Yellow,PE623WA32BGLINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Peach-Solids-Tops-862069.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this peach coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Peach,PE623WA30BGNINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Green-Solids-Tops-862071.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this green coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Green,PE623WA28BGPINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Pink-Solids-Tops-862073.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in pink coloured from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Pink,PE623WA26BGRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Green-Solids-Tops-862075.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this green coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Green,PE623WA24BGTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Blue-Solids-Tops-862077.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in blue coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Blue,PE623WA22BGVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Black-Solids-Tops-862079.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in black coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Black,PE623WA20BGXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-White-Solids-Tops-862081.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. FasDouble your fashion flair wearing this white coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.hioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,White,PE623WA18BGZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Blue-Solids-Tops-862083.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Blue,PE623WA16BHBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Blue-Printed-Tops-862085.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in blue coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,Cold machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Hang dry Hot iron/steam,Regular,Blue,PE623WA14BHDINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Grey-Solids-Tops-862087.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in grey coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,Cold machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Hang dry Hot iron/steam,Regular,Grey,PE623WA12BHFINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Green-Printed-Tops-862089.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in green coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,Cold machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Hang dry Hot iron/steam,Regular,Green,PE623WA10BHHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Red-Printed-Tops-862091.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in red coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,Cold machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Hang dry Hot iron/steam,Regular,Red,PE623WA08BHJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Peach-Solids-Tops-862093.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in peach coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Peach,PE623WA06BHLINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Pink-Solids-Tops-862095.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in pink coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Pink,PE623WA04BHNINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Black-Printed-Tops-862097.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in black coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Black,PE623WA02BHPINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Nvay-Blue-Solids-Tops-862101.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this navy blue coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Navy Blue,PE623WA98BHTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Black-Solids-Tops-862103.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Black,PE623WA96BHVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Maroon-Solids-Tops-862105.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in maroon coloured from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Maroon,PE623WA94BHXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Maroon-Solids-Tops-862107.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in maroon coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Maroon,PE623WA92BHZINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Yellow-Printed-Tops-862109.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in yellow coloured from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Yellow,PE623WA90BIBINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Blue-Solids-Tops-862111.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Cold machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Drip dry Low iron/steam,Regular,Blue,PE623WA88BIDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Beige-Solids-Tops-862113.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this beige coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Cold machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Drip dry Low iron/steam,Regular,Beige,PE623WA86BIFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Maroon-Solids-Tops-862115.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this maroon coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Polyester,Cold machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Drip dry Low iron/steam,Regular,Maroon,PE623WA84BIHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Cream-Solids-Tops-862117.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in cream coloured from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality nylon. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,nylon,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Cream,PE623WA82BIJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Blue-Solids-Tops-862119.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in blue coloured from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality nylon. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,nylon,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Blue,PE623WA80BILINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Pink-Solids-Tops-862121.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in pink coloured from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality nylon. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,nylon,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Pink,PE623WA78BININDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Green-Solids-Tops-862123.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in green coloured from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal hand wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Green,PE623WA76BIPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Red-Solids-Tops-862125.html,Pera Doce,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in red coloured from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal hand wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Red,PE623WA74BIRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Black-Solids-Tops-862127.html,Pera Doce,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured top from the house of Pera Doce. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Hang dry Low iron/ steam,Regular,Black,PE623WA72BITINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Black-Solid-Skirts-862129.html,Pera Doce,Chic and modish this black coloured skirt from the house of Pera Doce will make you stand out in the crowd. Made of cotton this skirt will keep you relaxed all day long. This skirt will help you spruce up your glam look.,A-line,Cotton,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Line dry Medium iron/ steam,Regular,Black,PE623WA70BIVINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Beige-Solids-Tops-862131.html,Pera Doce,Chic and modish this beige coloured top from the house of Pera Doce will make you stand out in the crowd. Made of cotton this top will keep you relaxed all day long. This top will help you spruce up your glam look.,,Cotton,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Line dry Medium iron/ steam,Regular,Beige,PE623WA68BIXINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pera-doce-Pink-Solid-Skirts-862133.html,Pera Doce,Chic and modish this pink coloured skirt from the house of Pera Doce will make you stand out in the crowd. Made of cotton this skirt will keep you relaxed all day long. This skirt will help you spruce up your glam look.,A-line,Cotton,Normal machine wash Wash separately Do not bleach Low tumble dry Line dry Medium iron/ steam,Regular,Pink,PE623WA66BIZINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Ice-Solid-Slim-Fit-Jeans-863345.html,American Swan,Earn an all-access pass as you wear these jeans in blue coloured from the house of American Swan. Made of cotton these jeans will let your skin breathe keeping you comfortable all day long. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton,98Percent cotton 2Percent lycra MACHINE WASH COLD NORMAL CYCLE DO NOT BLEACH  TUMBLE DRY NORMAL CYCLE HOT IRON IF NEEDED DRYCLEAN POSSIBLE WASH AND DRY WITH LIKE COLORS TURN GARMENT INSIDEOUT DURING WASHING LINE DRY POSSIBLE DO NOT SOAK IN WATER,Slim,Blue,AM673WA54DDPINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Blue-Solid-Slim-Fit-Jeans-863347.html,American Swan,Earn an all-access pass as you wear these jeans in blue coloured from the house of American Swan. Made of cotton these jeans will let your skin breathe keeping you comfortable all day long. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton,98Percent cotton 2Percent lycra MACHINE WASH COLD NORMAL CYCLE DO NOT BLEACH  TUMBLE DRY NORMAL CYCLE HOT IRON IF NEEDED DRYCLEAN POSSIBLE WASH AND DRY WITH LIKE COLORS TURN GARMENT INSIDEOUT DURING WASHING LINE DRY POSSIBLE DO NOT SOAK IN WATER,Slim,Blue,AM673WA52DDRINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tokyo-talkies-Black-Solid-Top-863877.html,Tokyo Talkies,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in black coloured from the house of Tokyo Talkies. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,gentle wash,Regular,Black,TO817WA22DYBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,TO817WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tokyo-talkies-White-Printed-Top-863879.html,Tokyo Talkies,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in white coloured from the house of Tokyo Talkies. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,gentle wash,Regular,White,TO817WA20DYDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,TO817WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tokyo-talkies-Black-Printed-Top-863881.html,Tokyo Talkies,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in black coloured from the house of Tokyo Talkies. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,gentle wash,Regular,Black,TO817WA18DYFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,TO817WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tokyo-talkies-Green-Printed-Top-863883.html,Tokyo Talkies,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in green coloured from the house of Tokyo Talkies. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,gentle wash,Regular,Green,TO817WA16DYHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Printed,TO817WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tokyo-talkies-White-Printed-Top-863885.html,Tokyo Talkies,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in white coloured from the house of Tokyo Talkies. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,gentle wash,Regular,White,TO817WA14DYJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Printed,TO817WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tokyo-talkies-White-Solid-Top-863887.html,Tokyo Talkies,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in white coloured from the house of Tokyo Talkies. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,gentle wash,Regular,White,TO817WA12DYLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,TO817WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tokyo-talkies-Maroon-Solid-Top-863889.html,Tokyo Talkies,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in maroon coloured from the house of Tokyo Talkies. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,gentle wash,Regular,Maroon,TO817WA10DYNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,TO817WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/tokyo-talkies-Navy-Blue-Solid-Top-863891.html,Tokyo Talkies,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in navy blue coloured from the house of Tokyo Talkies. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,gentle wash,Regular,Navy Blue,TO817WA08DYPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,TO817WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Green-Solid-Kurta-863893.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green when you wear this green coloured kurta by Vishudh. Made from poly cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Green,VI171WA06DYRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Red-Solid-Kurta-863895.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Red,VI171WA04DYTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Beige-Solid-Kurta-863897.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Beige,VI171WA02DYVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Red-Solid-Kurta-863899.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Red,VI171WA00DYXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Yellow-Solid-Kurta-863901.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Yellow,VI171WA98DYZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Pink-Solid-Kurta-863903.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Pink,VI171WA96DZBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Green-Solid-Kurta-863905.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Green,VI171WA94DZDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Olive-Solid-Kurta-863907.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Olive,VI171WA92DZFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Orange-Solid-Kurta-863909.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Orange,VI171WA90DZHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-White-Solid-Kurta-863911.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,White,VI171WA88DZJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Pink-Solid-Kurta-863913.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green when you wear this pink coloured kurta by Vishudh. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Pink,VI171WA86DZLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Green-Solid-Kurta-863915.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Green,VI171WA84DZNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Yellow-Solid-Kurta-863917.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Yellow,VI171WA82DZPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Blue-Solid-Kurta-863919.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Blue,VI171WA80DZRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Pink-Solid-Kurta-863921.html,Vishudh,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Pink,VI171WA78DZTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Orange-Solid-Kurta-863923.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green when you wear this orange coloured kurta by Vishudh. Designed with absolute perfection this poly cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Orange,VI171WA76DZVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Black-Solid-Kurta-863925.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green when you wear this black coloured kurta by Vishudh. Made from poly cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Black,VI171WA74DZXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Blue-Solid-Kurta-863927.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Vishudh. Made from poly cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Blue,VI171WA72DZZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Maroon-Solid-Kurta-863929.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green when you wear this maroon coloured kurta by Vishudh. Made from poly cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,gentle wash,Regular,Maroon,VI171WA70EABINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Orange-Printed-Kurta-863931.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Vishudh. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Orange,VI171WA68EADINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Pink-Printed-Kurta-863933.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Vishudh. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Pink,VI171WA66EAFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Green-Printed-Kurta-863935.html,Vishudh,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing green coloured kurta by Vishudh. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Green,VI171WA64EAHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Blue-Printed-Kurta-863937.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green when you wear this blue coloured kurta by Vishudh. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Blue,VI171WA62EAJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Green-Printed-Kurta-863939.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Vishudh. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Green,VI171WA60EALINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Navy-Blue-Printed-Kurta-863941.html,Vishudh,Make the girls go green wearing kurta by Vishudh. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Navy Blue,VI171WA58EANINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Magenta-Printed-Kurta-863943.html,Vishudh,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing magenta coloured kurta by Vishudh. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Magenta,VI171WA56EAPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Blue-Printed-Kurta-863945.html,Vishudh,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing blue coloured kurta by Vishudh. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Blue,VI171WA54EARINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Vishudh-Maroon-Printed-Kurta-863947.html,Vishudh,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing maroon coloured kurta by Vishudh. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,gentle wash,Regular,Maroon,VI171WA52EATINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,VI171WA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-Maroon-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864045.html,Kylaf,Pull together a chic look by wearing this maroon coloured suit set from the house of Kylaf. Crafted from silk it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Silk,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,Maroon,KY831WA54EENINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-Black-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864047.html,Kylaf,Pull together a chic look by wearing this black coloured suit set from the house of Kylaf. Crafted from silk it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Silk,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,Black,KY831WA52EEPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Embroidered,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-Black-Embellished-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864049.html,Kylaf,Pull together a chic look by wearing this black coloured suit set from the house of Kylaf. Crafted from chanderi it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,CHANDERI,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,Black,KY831WA50EERINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,EMBELLISHED,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-Black-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864051.html,Kylaf,Pull together a chic look by wearing this black coloured suit set from the house of Kylaf. Crafted from chanderi it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,CHANDERI,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,Black,KY831WA48EETINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,Embroidered,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-Pink-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864053.html,Kylaf,Pull together a chic look by wearing this pink coloured suit set from the house of Kylaf. Crafted from chanderi it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,CHANDERI,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,Pink,KY831WA46EEVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Embroidered,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-Red-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864055.html,Kylaf,Pull together a chic look by wearing this red coloured suit set from the house of Kylaf. Crafted from chanderi it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,CHANDERI,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,Red,KY831WA44EEXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Embroidered,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-Blue-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864057.html,Kylaf,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing suit set by Kylaf. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long.This suit set has a soothing colour and will lend you a fresh look this season.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,CHANDERI,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,Blue,KY831WA42EEZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Embroidered,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-Green-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864059.html,Kylaf,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing suit set by Kylaf. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long.This suit set has a soothing colour and will lend you a fresh look this season.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,CHANDERI,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,Green,KY831WA40EFBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Embroidered,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-White-Printed-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864061.html,Kylaf,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing suit set by Kylaf. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long.This suit set has a soothing colour and will lend you a fresh look this season.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,CHANDERI,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,White,KY831WA38EFDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kylaf-White-Printed-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864063.html,Kylaf,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing suit set by Kylaf. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long.This suit set has a soothing colour and will lend you a fresh look this season.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,CHANDERI,DRY CLEAN PREFERRED,Regular,White,KY831WA36EFFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,Suit Set - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Red-Kurta-864129.html,Biba,If versatality is your game wearing red coloured kurta by BIBA. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,BI021WA70EHTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Brown-Kurta-864131.html,Biba,Stow away your old stuff wearing this&nbsp,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,BI021WA68EHVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Multi-Color-Kurta-864135.html,Biba,Take 9-to-5 look to a new level as you wear this kurtafrom the house of BIBA. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,BI021WA64EHZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Green-Kurta-864143.html,Biba,Pull together a chic look as you wear this kurta in green colour from the house of BIBA. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,BI021WA56EIHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Brown-Kurta-864145.html,Biba,Take the 9-to-5 look to a new level as you wear this kurtafrom the house of BIBA. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton blend fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your ethnic look for the day.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,BI021WA54EIJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Magenta-Kurta-864147.html,Biba,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer as you wear this kurtafrom the house of BIBA. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton blend fabric. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Magenta,BI021WA52EILINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Purple-Kurta-864151.html,Biba,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease wearing this kurtaby BIBA. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,BI021WA48EIPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Purple-Kurta-864153.html,Biba,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion when you wear this purple coloured kurtaby BIBA. Made from cotton blend this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your ethnic look for the day.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,BI021WA46EIRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Multi-Color-Kurta-864155.html,Biba,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear thiskurtain black colour from the house of BIBA. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton blend fabric. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,BI021WA44EITINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Purple-Kurta-864157.html,Biba,Flaunt a nonchalant look wearing this purple colouredkurtaby BIBA. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton blend fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your ethnic look for the day.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,BI021WA42EIVINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-White-Kurta-864159.html,Biba,,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,BI021WA40EIXINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Yellow-Kurta-864161.html,Biba,Get astylish update on the sartorial look wearing this yellow coloured kurtaby BIBA. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton blend kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Yellow,BI021WA38EIZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Green-Kurta-864163.html,Biba,Play up girly elements correctly wearing this green colouredkurtaby BIBA. Exclusively designed this kurtawill enhance your curves and soft cotton blend fabric will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,BI021WA36EJBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Blue-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864173.html,Biba,BIBA presents this suit set that is a perfect pick for all the office going women. Featuring an attractive print this regular-fit suit set includes a kurta churidar and a dupatta. Complement this cotton blend set with high heels and matching danglers for a complete ethnic look.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,BI021WA26EJLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Black-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864175.html,Biba,BIBA presents this suit set that is a perfect pick for all the office going women. Featuring an attractive print this regular-fit suit set includes a kurta churidar and a dupatta. Complement this cotton blend set with high heels and matching danglers for a complete ethnic look.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,BI021WA24EJNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Black-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864187.html,Biba,Your fashion-loving pals will surely select you as their role model in traditional dressing when they see you wearing this amazing suit set by BIBA. Black in colour this set includes a kurta a dupatta and churidar. The kurta exhibits a captivating embellishment work golden patti border and a stunning stripe pattern for a more feminine effect. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton blend fabric this suit set also ensures maximum breathability and a featherlike feel.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,BI021WA12EJZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Fuchsia-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-864189.html,Biba,Hog all the limelight at a social gathering that you attend by wearing this fuchsia coloured suit set from BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit comprises a round neck kurta churidar bottoms and flowy dupatta that make you look more feminine and delightful. You can complete your look by applying minimal make up and pairing your attire with shiny accessories.,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Fuchsia,BI021WA10EKBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Orange-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864191.html,Biba,,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,BI021WA08EKDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Aqua-Blue-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864193.html,Biba,Make a stunning appearance at the next social do wearing this aqua blue suit set from BIBA. Exhibiting delicate embellishment this regular-fit set includes a kurta churidar and a dupatta. To look your ethnic best team this cotton blend set with matching bangles and danglers.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Aqua Blue,BI021WA06EKFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Pink-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864195.html,Biba,Make a stunning appearance at the next social do wearing this pink suit set from BIBA. Exhibiting delicate embellishment this regular-fit set includes a kurta churidar and a dupatta. To look your ethnic best team this cotton blend set with matching bangles and danglers.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,BI021WA04EKHINDFAS,Short Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Aqua-Blue-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864197.html,Biba,Look feminine to the core and spread the charm of your unbeatable looks when you wear this aqua blue coloured suit set from BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit set comes with a V-neck kameez churidar bottoms and dupatta that make your look outstanding.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Aqua Blue,BI021WA02EKJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Pink-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864199.html,Biba,Reinvent your ethnic avatar this winter with this gorgeous pink suit set from BIBA. Beautified with embellished accents this suit set not only showcases traditional grace but also promises pure comfort courtesy its cotton blend fabric. This set comprises kurta dupatta and churidar.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,BI021WA00EKLINDFAS,Short Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Aqua-Blue-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864205.html,Biba,Taking the imagination beyond usual colour combinations this suit set is all about reinventing the relationship between aqua blue and rust colours. Furthermore when it comes to showcasing the craftsmanship the classy yoke and fine embroidery say it all. Keeping in mind the utmost comfort this regular-fit suit set from BIBA is made from high-quality cotton blend. Exuding feminine charm this suit set comprising a flared kurta churidar and dupatta is nevertheless a dream inclusion in every fashionistas wardrobe.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Aqua Blue,BI021WA94EKRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Black-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864207.html,Biba,This black suit set from BIBA is designed using soothing hues which will embrace your beauty and underline the feminine charm. The brocade detailing on the yoke clubbed with the splash of golden sequin work makes this suit set an exclusive pick for festive season. The cotton blend fabric contributes to its lightweight feel and utmost comfort. This regular-fit suit set comprises a flared kurta churidar and a dupatta.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,BI021WA92EKTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Brown-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864209.html,Biba,,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,BI021WA90EKVINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Purple-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864211.html,Biba,,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,BI021WA88EKXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Henley,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Aqua-Blue-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864215.html,Biba,Flaunt the soothing essence of aqua blue hue and your fabulous appearance this festive season by wearing this suit set from BIBA. The fine-in-quality embroidery on the kurta justifies the worth of this stunning creation. When clubbed with white churidar and dupatta this suit set will certainly lend you a super-classy look. The cotton blend fabric further makes this regular-fit suit set light in weight and comfortable to wear.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Aqua Blue,BI021WA84ELBINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Yellow-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864217.html,Biba,Look absolutely ravishing wearing this yellow coloured suit set from BIBA to office. Including a kurta churidar and a dupatta this regular-fit set is fashioned from cotton blend fabric. Featuring beautiful embroidery this set will look best when teamed with matching danglers and high heels.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Yellow,BI021WA82ELDINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Purple-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864219.html,Biba,Get a royal look from top to toe by wearing this purple coloured suit set from the fashion house of BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit comprises mandarin collar kameez that has 3/4th sleeves one dupatta and churidaar bottoms that give you a complete ethnic look. Team this set with mojris and simple jewellery to look fabulous.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,BI021WA80ELFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Red-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864221.html,Biba,Get a royal look from top to toe by wearing this red coloured suit set from the fashion house of BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit comprises mandarin collar kameez that has full sleeves one dupatta and churidaar bottoms that give you a complete ethnic look. Team this set with mojaris and simple jewellery to look fabulous.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,BI021WA78ELHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Red-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864223.html,Biba,Look young and sensuous by wearing this red coloured suit set from the fashion house of BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit set comes with a kameez churidar and a dupatta that make you look gorgeous and feminine. You can wear gold jewellery with this set to complete your ethnic look.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,BI021WA76ELJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Blue-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864225.html,Biba,Look feminine and charming to the core by wearing this blue coloured suit set from BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit set has a mandarin collar kurta churidaar and dupatta that complete your look for that special eve. You can complete your ethnic look with a gold coloured clutch.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,BI021WA74ELLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Pink-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864227.html,Biba,Look feminine and charming to the core by wearing this pink coloured suit set from BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit set has a mandarin collar kurta churidar bottoms and dupatta that complete your look for that special eve. You can complete your ethnic look with a gold coloured clutch.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,BI021WA72ELNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Blue-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864229.html,Biba,Look feminine to the core and spread the charm of your unbeatable looks when you wear this blue coloured suit set from BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit set comes with a sweetheart neck kameez churidar bottoms and dupatta that make your look outstanding.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,BI021WA70ELPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Green-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864231.html,Biba,If you are looking for a subtle and classy ethnic wear then this green coloured suit set from BIBA is especially designed to meet your requirements. Fashioned from cotton blend this regular-fit suit set includes a kurta churidar and a dupatta. Featuring an embroidered yoke this suit set will look best when teamed with matching earrings and high heels.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,BI021WA68ELRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Purple-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864237.html,Biba,If you are looking for a subtle and classy ethnic wear then this purple coloured suit set from BIBA is especially designed to meet your requirements. Fashioned from cotton blend fabric this regular-fit suit set includes a kurta churidar and a dupatta. Featuring an embroidered yoke this suit set will look best when teamed with matching earrings and high heels.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,BI021WA62ELXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Pink-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864239.html,Biba,Look absolutely ravishing wearing this pink coloured suit set from BIBA to office. Including a kurta churidar and a dupatta this regular-fit set is fashioned from cotton blend fabric. Featuring beautiful embroidery this set will look best when teamed with matching danglers and high heels.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,BI021WA60ELZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Black-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864241.html,Biba,Look absolutely ravishing wearing this black coloured suit set from BIBA to office. Including a kurta churidar and a dupatta this regular-fit set is fashioned from cotton blend fabric. Featuring beautiful embroidery this set will look best when teamed with matching danglers and high heels.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,BI021WA58EMBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Black-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864243.html,Biba,Your fashion-loving pals will certainly select you as their role model when they see you wearing this amazing black suit set by BIBA. This set includes a kurta a dupatta and churidar. While the stunning embellishment work on the yoke enhances the aesthetic appeal of this kurta the eye-catching embroidery on the front lends it a feminine appeal. Team this regular-fit cotton blend suit set with matching danglers metallic bangles and trendy sandals to perfect your traditional look for the day.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,BI021WA56EMDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Henley,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Black-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864245.html,Biba,You will certainly become the icon of traditional dressing when you wear this suit set from BIBA. Exclusively designed for urban women this set includes a kurta a dupatta and churidar. Adorned with traditional motifs the kurta exhibits a striking pattern on the yoke and sleeves for added attraction. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton blend fabric this suit set also ensures maximum breathability and a featherlike feel.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,BI021WA54EMFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Red-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864247.html,Biba,You will certainly become the icon of traditional dressing when you wear this red suit set from BIBA. Exclusively designed for urban women this set includes a kurta a dupatta and churidar. Adorned with traditional motifs the kurta exhibits a striking pattern on the yoke and sleeves for added attraction. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton blend fabric this suit set also ensures maximum breathability and a featherlike feel.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,BI021WA52EMHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Rust-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-864251.html,Biba,Reinvent your ethnic avatar this winter with this gorgeous rust coloured suit set from BIBA. Beautified with ethnic print this suit set not only showcases traditional grace but also promises pure comfort courtesy its cotton blend fabric. This set comprises kurta dupatta and churidar.,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Rust,BI021WA48EMLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Black-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864253.html,Biba,Make a subtle style statement by wearing this black coloured suit set from the fashion house of BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit set comes with a kameez churidar bottoms and a dupatta that will make you look gorgeous and feminine. You can wear some contemporary style jewellery with this set to complete your ethnic look.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,BI021WA46EMNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Green-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864255.html,Biba,A fierce mix of sophisticated elegance and class this green suit set by BIBA will surely lend you a look worth flaunting. It comprises a kurta churidar and a dupatta. The kurta in the set exhibits a striking pattern on the yoke for added attraction. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton blend fabric this suit set also ensures maximum breathability.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,BI021WA44EMPINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Asymmetric,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Blue-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864257.html,Biba,,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,BI021WA42EMRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Maroon-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864259.html,Biba,BIBA presents this 3-piece maroon coloured suit set which will add a lot of class and elegance to your femininity. Made of cotton blend this suit set is super comfortable to wear and skin friendly as well. Featuring regular fit this suit set comprises a kurta churidar and a dupatta.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,BI021WA40EMTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Black-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-864261.html,Biba,<p>BIBA offers this black coloured suit set that is a stylish pick for women on the go. The beautifully designed kameez is the main attraction of this suit set. Made from cotton blend this regular-fit suit set will keep you at ease all day long. It comprises a kameez salwar and a dupatta.</p>,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,BI021WA38EMVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Maroon-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864263.html,Biba,If you are looking for a subtle and classy ethnic wear then this maroon coloured suit set from BIBA is especially designed to meet your requirements. Fashioned from cotton blend this regular-fit suit set includes a kurta churidar and a dupatta. Featuring beautiful embroidery this suit set will look best when teamed with matching earrings and high heels.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,BI021WA36EMXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Green-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864265.html,Biba,Look your ethnic best wearing this green and purple coloured suit set from BIBA. The beautiful traditional design all over and a stylishly done neckline with golden thread work will catch your fancy at a single glance. Made from cotton blend this regular-fit suit set is comfortable to wear all day long. It consists of a kameez churidar and a dupatta.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,BI021WA34EMZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Pink-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-864267.html,Biba,Look your ethnic best wearing this pink coloured suit set from the house of BIBA. Made of cotton blend this ethnic suit set will stay soft against your skin. Featuring regular fit this suit set is ideal to be worn to social gatherings. Subtle and visually appealing this set comprises a kurta salwar and a dupatta.,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,BI021WA32ENBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Purple-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864273.html,Biba,You will certainly become the cynosure of all eyes when you wear this purple suit set by BIBA. Exclusively designed for urban women this set includes a kurta blue dupatta and churidar. The kurta exhibits a striking embellishment work on the yoke for a more feminine effect. Made of fine cotton blend fabric this regular-fit suit set also promises maximum comfort and breathability.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,BI021WA26ENHINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Golden-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864275.html,Biba,Flaunt the soothing essence of a golden hue and your fabulous appearance this festive season by wearing this suit set from BIBA. The appealing motifs on the kurta justify the worthiness of this stunning creation. Clubbed with churidar and dupatta in a contrasting shade this suit set will certainly lend you a super-classy look. The cotton blend fabric further makes this regular-fit suit set light in weight and comfortable to wear.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Golden,BI021WA24ENJINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Beige-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864279.html,Biba,Elegant in design this beige coloured suit set by BIBA will surely catch your attention. It consists of a 3/4th sleeve kurta churidar and a dupatta. The kurta flaunts delicate embroidery on the front along with heavily embellished work on its neckline. Made from cotton blend thiswhole set will be comfortable and soft to wear. You can wear it on the occasion of a puja or any other casualoccasion.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,BI021WA20ENNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Black-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864281.html,Biba,Make a subtle style statement by wearing this black coloured suit set from the fashion house of BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit set comes with a kameez churidar bottoms and a dupatta that make you look gorgeous and feminine. You can wear some contemporary style jewellery with this set to complete your ethnic look.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,BI021WA18ENPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Red-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864285.html,Biba,,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,BI021WA14ENTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Red-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864289.html,Biba,,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,BI021WA10ENXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Red-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864295.html,Biba,Look feminine to the core and spread the charm of your unbeatable looks when you wear this red coloured suit set from BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit set comes with a V-neck kameez churidar bottoms and dupatta that will make you look outstanding.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,BI021WA04EODINDFAS,Short Sleeves,V Neck,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Purple-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864297.html,Biba,BIBA presents this purple coloured suit set which will make you look absolutely stylish and stunning. Made of cotton blend this suit set is super comfortable to wear and skin friendly as well. Comprising a kurta salwar and a dupatta this suit set will catch your fancy at once.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,BI021WA02EOFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Blue-Salwar-Kameez-Dupatta-864301.html,Biba,Get a royal look from top to toe by wearing this blue coloured suit set from the fashion house of BIBA. Made from cotton blend material this suit comprises mandarin collar kameez that has 3/4th sleeves a dupatta and churidar bottoms that give you a complete ethnic look. Team this set with mojaris and simple jewellery to look fabulous.,Salwar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,BI021WA98EOJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Multi-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864303.html,Biba,Gracefully charming is what you will look when you wear this beautiful multicoloured suit set from BIBA. While the attractive print on this regular-fit set adds to its visual appeal the cotton blend fabric promises sheer comfort. This set comprises kurta dupatta and churidar.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,BI021WA96EOLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Blue-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-864305.html,Biba,Lead the fashion pack at the upcoming festive occasion by wearing this blue suit set by BIBA. Adorned with a captivating floral print on the bodice the kurta in the set also exhibits contrast coloured taping on the neckline and sleeves for added attraction. Tailored in regular fit from soft cotton blend fabric for maximum comfort this set comprises a kurta churidar and a dupatta.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,BI021WA94EONINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Blue-Kurta-864309.html,Biba,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style when you wear this,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,BI021WA90EORINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Brown-Kurta-864311.html,Biba,Flaunt a no-fuss look as you wear this kurtafrom the house of BIBA. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular will enhance your curves and soft cotton blend will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,BI021WA88EOTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Biba-Cotton-Blend-Brown-Kurta-864315.html,Biba,Pull together a chic look as you wear this kurtain brown colour from the house of BIBA. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton blend kurta will besoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,BI021WA84EOXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864357.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this blue coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA42EQNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864359.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this pink coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA40EQPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864361.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this orange coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA38EQRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864363.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this pink coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA36EQTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864365.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this orange coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA34EQVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864367.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this pink coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA32EQXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864369.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this yellow coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Yellow,IN101WA30EQZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864371.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this blue coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA28ERBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864373.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this orange coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Orange,IN101WA26ERDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864375.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this green coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA24ERFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Multi-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864377.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this multicoloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Multi,IN101WA22ERHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Multi-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864379.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this multicoloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Multi,IN101WA20ERJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864381.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this pink coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Pink,IN101WA18ERLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864383.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this blue coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA16ERNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864385.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this blue coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Blue,IN101WA14ERPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Materials-864387.html,Inddus,Enrich your ethnic collection with this green coloured dress material from the house of Inddus. Made of cotton satin this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.50 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON SATIN,Normal Wash,,Green,IN101WA12ERRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Embroidered-Kurti-864439.html,Inddus,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this orange coloured kurti by Inddus. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,Dry Clean,Regular,Orange,IN101WA60ETRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Skater-Dress-864441.html,Inddus,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this green coloured skater by Inddus. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,Dry Clean,Regular,Green,IN101WA58ETTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Skater-Dress-864443.html,Inddus,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this blue coloured dress by Inddus. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,Dry Clean,Regular,Blue,IN101WA56ETVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Cream-Embroidered-Kurti-864445.html,Inddus,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this cream coloured kurti by Inddus. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,Dry Clean,Regular,Cream,IN101WA54ETXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Maroon-Skater-Dress-864447.html,Inddus,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this maroon coloured dress by Inddus. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,Dry Clean,Regular,Maroon,IN101WA52ETZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Kurti-864449.html,Inddus,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this green coloured kurti by Inddus. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,Dry Clean,Regular,Green,IN101WA50EUBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Kurti-864451.html,Inddus,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this green coloured kurti by Inddus. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft georgette fabric. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,Dry Clean,Regular,Green,IN101WA48EUDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Yellow-Kurta-865087.html,Span,Lustafter luster when you wear this yellow coloured kurtaby SPAN. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Yellow,SP058WA12FSPINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Red-Kurta-865089.html,Span,Keep your look lively as you wear this red colouredkurtafrom the house of SPAN. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Red,SP058WA10FSRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Green-Kurta-865091.html,Span,Melt the rainbow as you wear this green colouredkurtafrom the house of SPAN. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Green,SP058WA08FSTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Yellow-Kurta-865093.html,Span,Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Then go ahead and wearthis yellow colouredkurtaby SPAN. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Yellow,SP058WA06FSVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Red-Kurta-865095.html,Span,Make the guys adore your sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta in red colour from the house of SPAN. Thekurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Red,SP058WA04FSXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Green-Kurta-865097.html,Span,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this green colouredkurtafrom the house of SPAN. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Green,SP058WA02FSZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Sweetheart Neck,Knee Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Yellow-Kurta-865099.html,Span,Look pretty and stay comfortable wearing this yellow coloured kurta from SPAN. Featuring a classy print all over this kurta is perfect for casual outings. Made from cotton this regular-fit kurta is light in weight and soft against the skin.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Yellow,SP058WA00FTBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Brown-Kurta-865101.html,Span,Get a stylish update on the sartorial look as you wear this kurta in brown colour from the house of SPAN. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Brown,SP058WA98FTDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Black-Kurta-865103.html,Span,Nail the style of the season wearing this black colouredkurtaby SPAN. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Black,SP058WA96FTFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-865105.html,Span,Lusting after luster as you wear this blue colouredkurtafrom the house of SPAN. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Blue,SP058WA94FTHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Square neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Maroon-Kurta-865107.html,Span,Keep your look lively as you wear this kurta in maroon colour from the house of SPAN. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Maroon,SP058WA92FTJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Square neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Peach-Kurta-865109.html,Span,Update your casual wardrobe this summeras you wear this peach colouredkurtafrom the house of SPAN. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Peach,SP058WA90FTLINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Green-Kurta-865111.html,Span,Nail the style of the season wearing this green colouredkurtaby SPAN. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Green,SP058WA88FTNINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Cream-Kurta-865113.html,Span,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style wearing thiskurtaby SPAN. Exclusively designed this kurta willenhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Cream,SP058WA86FTPINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Pink-Kurta-865115.html,Span,Try something new that's perfect for this rugged trendwearing this pink colouredkurtaby SPAN. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Pink,SP058WA84FTRINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Red-Kurta-865117.html,Span,Make the guys adore your sartorial elegance as you wear this red colouredkurtafrom the house of Span. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Red,SP058WA82FTTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Beige-Kurta-865119.html,Span,Make the girls go green wearing this beige coloured kurtaby SPAN. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta will besoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Beige,SP058WA80FTVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Green-Kurta-865121.html,Span,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion wearing this green colouredkurtaby SPAN. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Green,SP058WA78FTXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Cream-Kurta-865123.html,Span,Look stylish as you wear this kurta in cream colour from the house of SPAN. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Cream,SP058WA76FTZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Green-Kurta-865125.html,Span,If versatility is your game thenwear this green colouredkurtaby SPAN. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Green,SP058WA74FUBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Grey-Kurta-865127.html,Span,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style as you wear this kurta in grey colour from the house of SPAN. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Grey,SP058WA72FUDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Grey-Kurta-865129.html,Span,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort when you wear this grey coloured kurtaby SPAN. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Grey,SP058WA70FUFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Pink-Kurta-865131.html,Span,Make the guys forget the world wearing this pink coloured kurtaby SPAN. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Pink,SP058WA68FUHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-865133.html,Span,Earn an all-access pass when you wear this blue colouredkurtaby SPAN. Exclusively designed this kurtawill enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Blue,SP058WA66FUJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Beige-Kurta-865135.html,Span,Stow away your old stuff as you wear this kurta in brown colour from the house of SPAN. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Beige,SP058WA64FULINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Aqua-Blue-Kurta-865137.html,Span,Lusting after luster as you wear this blue colouredkurtafrom the house of SPAN. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Aqua Blue,SP058WA62FUNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Black-Kurta-865139.html,Span,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style wearing this black colouredkurtaby SPAN. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Black,SP058WA60FUPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Blue-Kurta-865141.html,Span,Surreal a perfect word that will define your style wearing this blue colouredkurtaby SPAN. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Blue,SP058WA58FURINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Purple-Kurta-865143.html,Span,Get rid of the 'regular' look this season when you wear this purple coloured kurtaby SPAN. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Purple,SP058WA56FUTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Green-Kurta-865145.html,Span,Keep your look lively wearing this green colouredkurtaby SPAN. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Green,SP058WA54FUVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Maroon-Kurta-865147.html,Span,Make the guys forget the world when you wear this maroon coloured kurtaby SPAN. Exclusively designed this kurtawill enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Maroon,SP058WA52FUXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Purple-Kurta-865149.html,Span,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this purple coloured kurtaby SPAN. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and the soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Purple,SP058WA50FUZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/span-Cotton-Yellow-Kurta-865151.html,Span,Get rid of the 'regular' look this season wearing thiskurtaby SPAN. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,First Wash Dry Clean Only,Regular,Yellow,SP058WA48FVBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Black-Thermal-Top-865627.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Black,HE167WA72GNJINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Blue-Thermal-Top-865629.html,Heart 2 Heart,Heart 2 Heart presents this blue coloured thermal spaghetti which will help you stay warm and cosy in chilly winters. Made of cotton blend this top is soft and skin friendly too. Offering a snug and comfortable fit this thermal top will become your instant favourite.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Blue,HE167WA70GNLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Nude-Thermal-Top-865631.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Nude,HE167WA68GNNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Pink-Thermal-Top-865633.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Pink,HE167WA66GNPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Black-Thermal-Top-865635.html,Heart 2 Heart,Stay cosy during peak winters wearing this black coloured thermal camisole from Heart 2 Heart. A perfect addition to your innerwear collection this trendy camisole features lace detailing around the neckline. Made from cotton blend theseregular-fit thermals aresoft against the skin and can be comfortably worn under any outfit.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Black,HE167WA64GNRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Blue-Thermal-Top-865637.html,Heart 2 Heart,Designed for those cold winter days this blue coloured thermal camisole from Heart 2 Heart will allow modern women to stay relaxed while on the move. The lace detailing on the edge makes it stylish and appealing. Made from cotton blend this regular-fit camisole will keep you cosy and comfortable. It can easily be worn under any outfit.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Blue,HE167WA62GNTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Nude-Thermal-Top-865639.html,Heart 2 Heart,Ensure you stay warm and comfortable by wearing this nude coloured thermal camisole from Heart 2 Heart. Tailored in regular fit this thermal camisole is ideal to be worn beneath tops T-shirts and shirts. Made from cotton blend this camisole is light in weight and skin friendly.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Nude,HE167WA60GNVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Pink-Thermal-Top-865641.html,Heart 2 Heart,Ideal to be worn beneath tops and T-shirts this pink coloured thermal camisole from Heart 2 Heart will keep your warm and comfortable all day long. This regular-fit camisole is made from cotton blend and is super soft against the skin.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Pink,HE167WA58GNXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Black-Thermal-Top-865643.html,Heart 2 Heart,Keep yourself warm and cosy this winter by wearing this black thermal top from the house of Heart 2 Heart. Trendy and chic it exhibits 3/4th sleeves. The lace detailing on the neckline further lends it a more feminine feel. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton blend fabric it is extremely soft against the skin.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Black,HE167WA56GNZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Blue-Thermal-Top-865645.html,Heart 2 Heart,Ensure you stay warm and comfortable by wearing this ice blue coloured thermal inner top from Heart 2 Heart. Tailored in regular fit this thermal inner top is ideal to be worn beneath tops T-shirts and shirts. Made from cotton blend this inner top is light in weight and skin friendly.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Ice Blue,HE167WA54GOBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Nude-Thermal-Top-865647.html,Heart 2 Heart,Keep yourself warm and cosy this winter by wearing this nude coloured thermal top from the house of Heart 2 Heart. Trendy and chic it has 3/4th sleeves. The lace detailing on the neckline further lends it a more feminine feel. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton blend fabric it is extremely soft against the skin.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Nude,HE167WA52GODINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Pink-Thermal-Top-865649.html,Heart 2 Heart,Ensure you stay warm and comfortable by wearing this pink coloured thermal inner top from Heart 2 Heart. Tailored in regular fit this thermal inner top is ideal to be worn beneath tops T-shirts and shirts. Made from cotton blend this inner top is light in weight and skin friendly.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Pink,HE167WA50GOFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Nude-Thermal-Leggings-865651.html,Heart 2 Heart,Cold winter days can actually dampen your plans as you dont feel like stepping out but with these nude coloured thermal leggings from Heart 2 Heart you can now enjoy every outing. Made from cotton blend these regular-fit thermal leggings will keep your legs cosy and relaxed all day long. Wear them under any of your bottoms to stay comfortable.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Nude,HE167WA48GOHINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Blue-Thermal-Leggings-865655.html,Heart 2 Heart,Cold winter days can actually dampen your plans as you dont feel like stepping out but with these thermal leggings from Heart 2 Heart you can now enjoy every outing. Made from cotton blend these regular-fit thermal leggings will keep your legs cosy and relaxed all day long. Wear them under any of your bottoms to stay comfortable.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Ice Blue,HE167WA44GOLINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Pink-Thermal-Leggings-865657.html,Heart 2 Heart,This season a fashionable pick for the trendy you is this pair of pink coloured leggings from Heart 2 Heart. Not just visually pleasing these regular-fit leggings promise total comfort too courtesy the cotton blend fabric.,,COTTON BLEND,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Pink,HE167WA42GONINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Blue-Printed-Nighty-865659.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Blue,HE167WA40GOPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Grey-Milange-Printed-Nighty-865661.html,Heart 2 Heart,Enjoy a sound sleep by slipping into this grey mlange coloured nighty from Heart 2 Heart. While the striking print lends a feminine feel to this knee-length regular-fit nighty the soft cotton fabric makes it extremely skin friendly.,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Grey Milange,HE167WA38GORINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Light-Grey-Printed-Nighty-865663.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Light Grey,HE167WA36GOTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Navy-Blue-Printed-Nighty-865665.html,Heart 2 Heart,Heart 2 Heart presents this navy blue coloured nighty which will keep you comfortable and relaxed all night long. Made of 100% cotton this nighty is long-lasting and skin friendly too. Featuring regular fit this nighty ensures a sound sleep.,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Navy Blue,HE167WA34GOVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Black-Printed-Nighty-865667.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Black,HE167WA32GOXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Grey-Printed-Nighty-865669.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Grey,HE167WA30GOZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Black-Printed-Nighty-865671.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Black,HE167WA28GPBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Red-Printed-Nighty-865673.html,Heart 2 Heart,,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Red,HE167WA26GPDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Grey-Printed-Nighty-865675.html,Heart 2 Heart,Enjoy a sound sleep by slipping into this grey nighty from Heart 2 Heart. While the striking print on the front lends a feminine feel to this knee-length regular-fit nighty the soft cotton fabric makes it extremely skin friendly.,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Grey,HE167WA24GPFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/heart-2-heart-Navy-Blue-Printed-Nighty-865677.html,Heart 2 Heart,Stay comfortable and relaxed all night long wearing this navy blue coloured nighty from the house of Heart 2 Heart. Made of 100% cotton this nighty will keep you sweat free. Featuring regular fit this printed nighty ensures a sound sleep.,Night Dress & Nighties,100% Cotton,MACHINE WASH 40% DO NOT BLEACH. DO NOT TUMBLE DRY. WARM IRON. WASH DARK COLORS SEPERATELY.,Regular,Navy Blue,HE167WA22GPHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865679.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster wearing blue coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton blend fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,COTTON BLEND,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA20GPJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Boat Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865681.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster wearing blue coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton blend fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,COTTON BLEND,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA18GPLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Boat Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Orange-Printed-Shift-Dress-865683.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster when you wear this orange coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton spandex fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Orange,VO107WA16GPNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Keyhole Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Pink-Printed-Shift-Dress-865685.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster when you wear this pink coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton spandex fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Pink,VO107WA14GPPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Keyhole Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Shift-Dress-865687.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster when you wear this blue coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton spandex fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA12GPRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Orange-Printed-Shift-Dress-865689.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster when you wear this orange coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton spandex fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Orange,VO107WA10GPTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Green-Printed-Top-865691.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this green coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton blend this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Green,VO107WA08GPVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Orange-Printed-Top-865693.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this orange coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton blend this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Orange,VO107WA06GPXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Top-865695.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton blend this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA04GPZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Purple-Printed-Shift-Dress-865697.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster when you wear this purple coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton spandex fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Purple,VO107WA02GQBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Purple-Printed-Top-865699.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this purple coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Purple,VO107WA00GQDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Boat Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Grey-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865701.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster wearing grey coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Grey,VO107WA98GQFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Asymmetric,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Red-Printed-Shift-Dress-865703.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster when you wear this red coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton spandex fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Red,VO107WA96GQHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865705.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster wearingblackcoloured dress by Vovoka. Made from poly cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA94GQJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Off-White-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865707.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster wearing off white coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from poly cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Off White,VO107WA92GQLINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Embroidered-Shift-Dress-865709.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster when you wear this blue coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA90GQNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Asymmetric,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Shift-Dress-865711.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA88GQPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Pink-Printed-Skater-Dress-865713.html,Vovoka,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this pink coloured dress from the house of Vovoka. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Pink,VO107WA86GQRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865715.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton spandex fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA84GQTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Tops-865717.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA82GQVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Green-Printed-Top-865719.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this green coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Green,VO107WA80GQXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865721.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton spandex fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA78GQZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Solid-Top-865723.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA76GRBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Solid-Top-865725.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA74GRDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Solid-Shrug-865727.html,Vovoka,Try something new that's perfect for the rugged trend that you are going to flaunt  as you wear this shrugs in blue coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this shrugs will not fail to catch your fancy at a single glance. Wear this shrugs over any plain top and enhance the look of your attire.,,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA72GRFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Asymmetric,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Cream-Solid-Shrug-865729.html,Vovoka,Try something new that's perfect for the rugged trend that you are going to flaunt  as you wear this shrugs in cream coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this shrugs will not fail to catch your fancy at a single glance. Wear this shrugs over any plain top and enhance the look of your attire.,,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Cream,VO107WA70GRHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Asymmetric,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Green-Solid-Shrug-865731.html,Vovoka,Try something new that's perfect for the rugged trend that you are going to flaunt  as you wear this shrugs in green coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this shrugs will not fail to catch your fancy at a single glance. Wear this shrugs over any plain top and enhance the look of your attire.,,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Green,VO107WA68GRJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Asymmetric,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Top-865733.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA66GRLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Asymmetric-Dress-865735.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made of premium quality poly cotton this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Asymmetric Dresses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA64GRNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Top-865737.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA62GRPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Asymmetric,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Orange-Printed-Top-865739.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in orange coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Orange,VO107WA60GRRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Asymmetric,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Green-Printed-Top-865741.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in green coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Green,VO107WA58GRTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Asymmetric,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Pink-Printed-Top-865743.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in pink coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using poly cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Pink,VO107WA56GRVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Asymmetric,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Navy-Blue-Printed-Top-865745.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in navy blue coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Navy Blue,VO107WA54GRXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Top-865747.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in blue coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA52GRZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Pink-Printed-Top-865749.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in pink coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Pink,VO107WA50GSBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Red-Printed-Skater-Dress-865751.html,Vovoka,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this red coloured dress from the house of Vovoka. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Red,VO107WA48GSDINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Yellow-Printed-Skater-Dress-865753.html,Vovoka,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this yellow coloured dress from the house of Vovoka. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Yellow,VO107WA46GSFINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865755.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA44GSHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Top-865757.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in blue coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA42GSJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Cropped Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Pink-Printed-Top-865759.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in pink coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Pink,VO107WA40GSLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Cropped Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Red-Printed-Top-865761.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in red coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Red,VO107WA38GSNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Cropped Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865763.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this blue coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA36GSPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Asymmetric,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Pink-Solid-Top-865765.html,Vovoka,Keep your look lively as you wear this top in pink coloured from the house of Vovoka. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Pink,VO107WA34GSRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Asymmetric,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865769.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA30GSVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Skater-Dress-865771.html,Vovoka,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this black coloured dress from the house of Vovoka. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA28GSXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Top-865773.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of Vovoka. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA26GSZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Orange-Printed-Top-865775.html,Vovoka,Double your fashion flair wearing this orange coloured top from the house of Vovoka. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality poly cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Orange,VO107WA24GTBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865777.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA22GTDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865779.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA20GTFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Asymmetric-Dress-865781.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this blue coloured dress by Vovoka. Made of premium quality cotton this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Asymmetric Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA18GTHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Cream-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865783.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this cream coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Cream,VO107WA16GTJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Blue-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865785.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this blue coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Blue,VO107WA14GTLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865787.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA12GTNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Yellow-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865789.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this yellow coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Yellow,VO107WA10GTPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865791.html,Vovoka,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA08GTRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865793.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster wearing black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made of premium quality cotton this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA06GTTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Black-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865795.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster wearing black coloured dress by Vovoka. Made of premium quality cotton this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Black,VO107WA04GTVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/vovoka-Orange-Printed-Bodycon-Dress-865797.html,Vovoka,Lusting after luster wearing orange coloured dress by Vovoka. Made of premium quality cotton this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Orange,VO107WA02GTXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Mini,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Magenta-Embroidered-Top-866259.html,B.Kind,Double your fashion flair wearing this magenta coloured top from the house of B.Kind. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,Machine Wash,Regular,Magenta,BK505WA40HLRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Orange-Embroidered-Top-866261.html,B.Kind,Double your fashion flair wearing this orange coloured top from the house of B.Kind. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,Machine Wash,Regular,Orange,BK505WA38HLTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Yellow-Embroidered-Top-866263.html,B.Kind,Double your fashion flair wearing this yellow coloured top from the house of B.Kind. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,Machine Wash,Regular,Yellow,BK505WA36HLVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Red-Solid-Top-866267.html,B.Kind,Double your fashion flair wearing this red coloured top from the house of B.Kind. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Red,BK505WA32HLZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Black-Printed-Top-866269.html,B.Kind,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured top from the house of B.Kind. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Black,BK505WA30HMBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Blue-Printed-Top-866271.html,B.Kind,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of B.Kind. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Blue,BK505WA28HMDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Blue-Printed-Top-866273.html,B.Kind,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured top from the house of B.Kind. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality georgette. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Blue,BK505WA26HMFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Red-Printed-Top-866275.html,B.Kind,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in red coloured from the house of B.Kind. Fashioned using georgette this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Georgette,Machine Wash,Regular,Red,BK505WA24HMHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Blue-Printed-Top-866277.html,B.Kind,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in blue coloured from the house of B.Kind. Fashioned using rayon blend this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,RAYON BLEND,Machine Wash,Regular,Blue,BK505WA22HMJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Blue-Printed-Top-866279.html,B.Kind,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in blue coloured from the house of B.Kind. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,Machine Wash,Regular,Blue,BK505WA20HMLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Red-Printed-Dress-866281.html,B.Kind,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this red coloured dress from the house of B.Kind. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,Cotton,Machine Wash,Regular,Red,BK505WA18HMNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Blue-Printed-Top-866283.html,B.Kind,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in blue coloured from the house of B.Kind. Fashioned using brasso this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,BRASSO,Machine Wash,Regular,Blue,BK505WA16HMPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Yellow-Printed-Top-866285.html,B.Kind,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in yellow coloured from the house of B.Kind. Fashioned using jersey this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Jersey,Machine Wash,Regular,Yellow,BK505WA14HMRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/b-kind-Pink-Printed-Top-866287.html,B.Kind,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in pink coloured from the house of B.Kind. Fashioned using jersey this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Jersey,Machine Wash,Regular,Pink,BK505WA12HMTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Poly-Crepe-Orange-Kurta-866295.html,W,Add pizzazz to your look as you wear this kurtafrom the house of W. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft poly crepe fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,POLY CREPE,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,XW574WA04HNBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Dresses-Grey-Dresses-866411.html,River Island,A unique combination of classy print and contemporary styling this grey coloured dress from River Island is all you need to flaunt your pretty appearance at the upcoming Sunday brunch. Moreover when it comes to comfort it is justified by its 100% polyester fabric. Team it with wedges and a tote bag to look perfect.,Shift Dresses,100% POLYESTER,,,Grey,RI264WA88HRNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Brown-Solid-Trousers-866745.html,American Swan,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion when you wear these brown coloured trousers by American Swan. Made of cotton these trousers will keep you comfortable the entire day. Club these trousers with a shirt and peep toes for a stunning look.,Cargo Pants,Cotton,98Percent cotton 2Percent lycra MACHINE WASH COLD WITH LIKE COLORS WASH DARK COLORS SEPRATELY DO NOT BLEACH TUBMLE DRY LOW LINE DRY IN SHADE  WARM IRON WASH And DRY IN SIDE OUT DO NOT IRON / SCRUB DIRECTLY ON PRINT / EMBELLISHMENTS,Slim,Brown,AM673WA54IEJINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Purple-Solid-Trousers-866747.html,American Swan,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion when you wear these purple coloured trousers by American Swan. Made of cotton these trousers will keep you comfortable the entire day. Club these trousers with a shirt and peep toes for a stunning look.,Cargo Pants,Cotton,98Percent cotton 2Percent lycra MACHINE WASH COLD WITH LIKE COLORS WASH DARK COLORS SEPRATELY DO NOT BLEACH TUBMLE DRY LOW LINE DRY IN SHADE  WARM IRON WASH And DRY IN SIDE OUT DO NOT IRON / SCRUB DIRECTLY ON PRINT / EMBELLISHMENTS,Slim,Purple,AM673WA52IELINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Beige-Solid-Trousers-866749.html,American Swan,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion when you wear these beige coloured trousers by American Swan. Made of cotton these trousers will keep you comfortable the entire day. Club these trousers with a shirt and peep toes for a stunning look.,Cargo Pants,Cotton,98Percent cotton 2Percent lycra MACHINE WASH COLD WITH LIKE COLORS WASH DARK COLORS SEPRATELY DO NOT BLEACH TUBMLE DRY LOW LINE DRY IN SHADE  WARM IRON WASH And DRY IN SIDE OUT DO NOT IRON / SCRUB DIRECTLY ON PRINT / EMBELLISHMENTS,Slim,Beige,AM673WA50IENINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Blue-Solid-Trousers-866751.html,American Swan,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion when you wear these blue coloured trousers by American Swan. Made of cotton these trousers will keep you comfortable the entire day. Club these trousers with a shirt and peep toes for a stunning look.,Cargo Pants,Cotton,98Percent cotton 2Percent lycra MACHINE WASH COLD WITH LIKE COLORS WASH DARK COLORS SEPRATELY DO NOT BLEACH TUBMLE DRY LOW LINE DRY IN SHADE  WARM IRON WASH And DRY IN SIDE OUT DO NOT IRON / SCRUB DIRECTLY ON PRINT / EMBELLISHMENTS,Slim,Blue,AM673WA48IEPINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Blue-Solid-Slim-Fit-Jeans-866753.html,American Swan,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion when you wear these blue coloured jeans by American Swan. Made of cotton these jeans will keep you comfortable the entire day. Club these jeans with a shirt and peep toes for a stunning look.,,Cotton,98Percent cotton 2Percent lycra MACHINE WASH COLD WITH LIKE COLORS WASH DARK COLORS SEPRATELY DO NOT BLEACH TUBMLE DRY LOW LINE DRY IN SHADE  WARM IRON WASH And DRY IN SIDE OUT DO NOT IRON / SCRUB DIRECTLY ON PRINT / EMBELLISHMENTS,Slim,Blue,AM673WA46IERINDFAS,,,Ankle Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Black-Pu-Belt-867041.html,Lino Perros,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Lino Perros. Made from pu this black coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Black,LI183WA58IPTINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 25 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Brown-Pu-Belt-867043.html,Lino Perros,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this brown belt from Lino Perros. Made from pu it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Brown,LI183WA56IPVINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 25 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Pink-Pu-Belt-867045.html,Lino Perros,Check out this pink coloured belt from Lino Perros that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from pu this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Pink,LI183WA54IPXINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00368-Red-Red-Belt-867047.html,Lino Perros,Stylish and sturdy this red coloured belt from Lino Perros is a wardrobe essential. Made from pu this belt is very durable. It features a smooth finish which promises to lend you a classy look. Definitely a must-have accessory!,,,,,Red,LI183WA52IPZINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 25 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00369-Black-Black-Belt-867049.html,Lino Perros,Be it for work or play this black belt from Lino Perros will not fail to add an interesting twist to your look. Ideal for fashionable women this belt featuring a stylishly done buckle will catch your fancy at a single glance. Made from pu it has a fabulous finish and will last for years to come.,,,,,Black,LI183WA50IQBINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 28 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00369-Brown-Brown-Belt-867051.html,Lino Perros,Lino Perros presents a worthy addition to your accessory closet in the form of this modish brown coloured belt. Sturdy and waterproof because of its pu make this belt will seamlessly complement your trendy outfits.,,,,,Brown,LI183WA48IQDINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 28 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Red-Pu-Belt-867053.html,Lino Perros,This season before heading out with your girlies complete your trendy look with this modish red belt from the house of Lino Perros. Not only is this belt visually appealing but is also waterproof and easy to maintain courtesy its pu make.,,,,,Red,LI183WA46IQFINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 29 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00370-Beige-Beige-Belt-867055.html,Lino Perros,Make a stylish addition to your accessory collection with this beige coloured belt from Lino Perros. Designed for urban women this belt will lend you a stylish look. Made from pu this belt is lightweight and durable. It will go well with your casual outfits.,,,,,Beige,LI183WA44IQHINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 18 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00370-Blue-Blue-Belt-867057.html,Lino Perros,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Lino Perros. Made from pu this blue coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Blue,LI183WA42IQJINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 18 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00370-Pink-Pink-Belt-867059.html,Lino Perros,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this pink belt from Lino Perros. Made from pu it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Pink,LI183WA40IQLINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 19 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00370-Red-Red-Belt-867061.html,Lino Perros,Check out this red coloured belt from Lino Perros that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from pu this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Red,LI183WA38IQNINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 19 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Blue-Pu-Belt-867063.html,Lino Perros,Stylish and sturdy this black coloured belt from Lino Perros is a wardrobe essential. Made from pu this belt is very durable. It features a smooth finish which promises to lend you a classy look. Definitely a must-have accessory!,,,,,Blue,LI183WA36IQPINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 28 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00371-Blue-Blue-Belt-867065.html,Lino Perros,Make your casual look more appealing and catchy by topping it up with this blue coloured belt from Lino Perros. Made from PU (polyurethane) this belt features a woven pattern that adds to its overall look. You can team it with a party dress or simply wear it with jeans to look super stylish.,,,,,Blue,LI183WA34IQRINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 29 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00371-Brown-Brown-Belt-867067.html,Lino Perros,Be it for work or play this brown belt from Lino Perros will not fail to add an interesting twist to your look. Ideal for fashionable women this belt featuring a stylishly done buckle will catch your fancy at a single glance. Made from pu it has a fabulous finish and will last for years to come.,,,,,Brown,LI183WA32IQTINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 28 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00371-Red-Red-Belt-867069.html,Lino Perros,Lino Perros presents a worthy addition to your accessory closet in the form of this modish red coloured belt. Sturdy and waterproof because of its pu make this belt will seamlessly complement your trendy outfits.,,,,,Red,LI183WA30IQVINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 31 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00372-Black-Black-Belt-867071.html,Lino Perros,This season before heading out with your girlies complete your trendy look with this modish black belt from the house of Lino Perros. Not only is this belt visually appealing but is also waterproof and easy to maintain courtesy its pu make.,,,,,Black,LI183WA28IQXINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 28 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Brown-Pu-Belt-867073.html,Lino Perros,Make a stylish addition to your accessory collection with this brown coloured belt from Lino Perros. Designed for urban women this belt will lend you a stylish look. Made from pu this belt is lightweight and durable. It will go well with your casual outfits.,,,,,Brown,LI183WA26IQZINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 29 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00372-Red-Red-Belt-867075.html,Lino Perros,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Lino Perros. Made from pu this red coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Red,LI183WA24IRBINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 28 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00373-Black-Black-Belt-867077.html,Lino Perros,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this black belt from Lino Perros. Made from pu it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Black,LI183WA22IRDINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 29 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Blue-Pu-Belt-867079.html,Lino Perros,Check out this blue coloured belt from Lino Perros that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from pu this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Blue,LI183WA20IRFINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 29 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00373-Brown-Brown-Belt-867081.html,Lino Perros,Stylish and sturdy this brown coloured belt from Lino Perros is a wardrobe essential. Made from pu this belt is very durable. It features a smooth finish which promises to lend you a classy look. Definitely a must-have accessory!,,,,,Brown,LI183WA18IRHINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 28 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lino_Perros-Lwbe00373-Red-Red-Belt-867083.html,Lino Perros,Be it for work or play this red belt from Lino Perros will not fail to add an interesting twist to your look. Ideal for fashionable women this belt featuring a stylishly done buckle will catch your fancy at a single glance. Made from pu it has a fabulous finish and will last for years to come.,,,,,Red,LI183WA16IRJINDFAS,,,,,One Belt,PU,Belt Width 28 MM,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Printed-Sweatshirt-867333.html,L'Elegantae,The next time you have to step out with friends on a chilly evening make sure you look your stylish best wearing this black coloured sweatshirt from L'Elegantae. Besides being visually appealing this regular-fit sweatshirt is comfortable and warm too courtesy its cotton fleece fabric.,,COTTON FLEECE,Machine wash,Regular,Black,LE639WA66JAZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Red-Printed-Sweatshirt-867335.html,L'Elegantae,The next time you have to step out with friends on a chilly evening make sure you look your stylish best wearing this red coloured sweatshirt from L'Elegantae. Besides being visually appealing this regular-fit sweatshirt is comfortable and warm too courtesy its cotton fleece fabric.,,COTTON FLEECE,Machine wash,Regular,Red,LE639WA64JBBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Solid-Dresses-867337.html,L'Elegantae,Double your fashion flair as you wear this dress from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality viscose this dress is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Bodycon Dresses,Viscose,Machine wash,Regular,Blue,LE639WA62JBDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Green-Printed-Tunic-867339.html,L'Elegantae,Double your fashion flair as you wear this tunic from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality poly crepe this tunic is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,POLY CREPE,Machine wash,Regular,Green,LE639WA60JBFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Grey-Printed-Tunic-867341.html,L'Elegantae,Double your fashion flair as you wear this tunic from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality poly crepe this tunic is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,POLY CREPE,Machine wash,Regular,Grey,LE639WA58JBHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Printed-Top-867343.html,L'Elegantae,Keep your look lively wearing this blue coloured top from the house of L'Elegantae. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality viscose. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Viscose,Dry clean Only,Regular,Blue,LE639WA56JBJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Pink-Printed-Top-867345.html,L'Elegantae,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Viscose,Dry clean Only,Regular,Pink,LE639WA54JBLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Turquoise-Solid-Tunic-867347.html,L'Elegantae,Double your fashion flair as you wear this tunic from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality viscose this tunic is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,Viscose,Dry clean Only,Regular,Turquoise,LE639WA52JBNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-White-Solid-Tunic-867349.html,L'Elegantae,Double your fashion flair as you wear this tunic from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality viscose this tunic is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,Viscose,Dry clean Only,Regular,White,LE639WA50JBPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867351.html,L'Elegantae,Impress a chic character with your off-duty winter vogue wearing this black coat from LeLegantae. Styled with floral detailing for a sophisticated touch this coat affirms comfort and warmth too owing to its wool blend fabric.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA48JBRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Impress a chic character with your off-duty winter vogue wearing this black coat from LeLegantae. Styled with floral detailing for a sophisticated touch this coat affirms comfort and warmth too owing to its wool blend fabric.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Pink-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867353.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this pink coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Pink,LE639WA46JBTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Tunic-867355.html,L'Elegantae,Double your fashion flair as you wear this tunic from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality viscose jersey this tunic is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Jackets,VISCOSE JERSEY,Machine wash,Regular,Black,LE639WA44JBVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Navy-Blue-Solid-Top-867357.html,L'Elegantae,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality poly crepe this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY CREPE,Machine wash,Regular,Navy Blue,LE639WA42JBXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Multi-Color-Printed-Top-867359.html,L'Elegantae,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality poly crepe this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY CREPE,Machine wash,Regular,Multi,LE639WA40JBZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Checked-Winter-Jackets-867365.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this black coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA34JCFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Grey-Printed-Winter-Jackets-867367.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this grey coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Grey,LE639WA32JCHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867369.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this black coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA30JCJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Grey-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867371.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this grey coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Grey,LE639WA28JCLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867373.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this blue coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from suede that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,SUEDE,Dry clean Only,Regular,Blue,LE639WA26JCNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Green-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867375.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this aqua coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from suede that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,SUEDE,Dry clean Only,Regular,Aqua,LE639WA24JCPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Maroon-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867377.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this maroon coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from suede that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,SUEDE,Dry clean Only,Regular,Maroon,LE639WA22JCRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Purple-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867379.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out thispurplecoloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from velvet that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Velvet,Dry clean Only,Regular,Purple,LE639WA20JCTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Navy-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867381.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this navy blue coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from velvet that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Velvet,Dry clean Only,Regular,Navy Blue,LE639WA18JCVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867383.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this blue coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from velvet that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Velvet,Dry clean Only,Regular,Blue,LE639WA16JCXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Navy-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867385.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this navy blue coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from velvet that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Velvet,Dry clean Only,Regular,Navy Blue,LE639WA14JCZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Wine-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867387.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this wine coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from velvet that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Velvet,Dry clean Only,Regular,Wine,LE639WA12JDBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Grey-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867391.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this blue coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from polyester spandex that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,POLYESTER SPANDEX,Dry clean Only,Regular,Grey,LE639WA08JDFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867395.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this black coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from velvet that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Velvet,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA04JDJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Green-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867397.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this green coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from velvet that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Velvet,Dry clean Only,Regular,Green,LE639WA02JDLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Purple-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867399.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this purple coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from velvet that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Velvet,Dry clean Only,Regular,Purple,LE639WA00JDNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Red-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867401.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this red coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from velvet that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Velvet,Dry clean Only,Regular,Red,LE639WA98JDPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Grey-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867403.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this grey coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Grey,LE639WA96JDRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Beige-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867405.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this beige coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Beige,LE639WA94JDTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867407.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this black coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA92JDVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Red-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867409.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this red coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Red,LE639WA90JDXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867411.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this black coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA88JDZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867413.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this navy blue coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Blue,LE639WA86JEBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Red-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867415.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this red coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Red,LE639WA84JEDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Purple-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867419.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this purple coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Purple,LE639WA80JEHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Red-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867421.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this red coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Red,LE639WA78JEJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,LAPEL COLLAR,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Grey-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867423.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this grey coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Grey,LE639WA76JELINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Dress-867425.html,L'Elegantae,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by L'Elegantae. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA74JENINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Brown-Solid-Dress-867427.html,L'Elegantae,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by L'Elegantae. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Brown,LE639WA72JEPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867429.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this black jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Jackets,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA70JERINDFAS,Sleeveless,High Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Fuchsia-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867431.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this fuchsia jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Jackets,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Fuchsia,LE639WA68JETINDFAS,Sleeveless,High Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Purple-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867433.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this purple jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Jackets,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Purple,LE639WA66JEVINDFAS,Sleeveless,High Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867435.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this blue jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Jackets,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Blue,LE639WA64JEXINDFAS,Sleeveless,High Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Red-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867439.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this red jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Jackets,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Red,LE639WA60JFBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Hooded,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867441.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this black jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA58JFDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Navy-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867443.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this navy blue jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Navy Blue,LE639WA56JFFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Red-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867445.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this red jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Red,LE639WA54JFHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-White-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867447.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this white jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,White,LE639WA52JFJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867449.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this black jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA50JFLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867451.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this blue jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Blue,LE639WA48JFNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Fuchsia-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867453.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this fuchsia jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Fuchsia,LE639WA46JFPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Green-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867455.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this green jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Green,LE639WA44JFRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867461.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this black jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA38JFXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867463.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this blue jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Blue,LE639WA36JFZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Fuchsia-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867465.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this fuchsia jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Fuchsia,LE639WA34JGBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Green-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867467.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this green jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Green,LE639WA32JGDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867469.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this black jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Jackets,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA30JGFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867471.html,L'Elegantae,Smart and trendy is what you will look this winter when you step out wearing this blue coloured bomber jacket from L'eLegantae. Best worn with dark denims this regular-fit jacket offers the best in comfort and warmth too courtesy its polyester fabric.,Jackets,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Blue,LE639WA28JGHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Purple-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867473.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this purple jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Jackets,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Purple,LE639WA26JGJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Red-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867475.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this red jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Jackets,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Red,LE639WA24JGLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Blue-Printed-Sweatshirt-867477.html,L'Elegantae,The next time you have to step out with friends on a chilly evening make sure you look your stylish best wearing this blue coloured sweatshirt from L'Elegantae. Besides being visually appealing this regular-fit sweatshirt is comfortable and warm too courtesy its cotton fleece fabric.,,COTTON FLEECE,Dry clean Only,Regular,Blue,LE639WA22JGNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Orange-Printed-Sweatshirt-867479.html,L'Elegantae,The next time you have to step out with friends on a chilly evening make sure you look your stylish best wearing this orange coloured sweatshirt from L'Elegantae. Besides being visually appealing this regular-fit sweatshirt is comfortable and warm too courtesy its cotton fleece fabric.,,COTTON FLEECE,Dry clean Only,Regular,Orange,LE639WA20JGPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Solid-Winter-Jackets-867481.html,L'Elegantae,While the temperature dips dangerously staying stylish can become a tough task! Check out this black coloured coat that will certainly make it easier for you.This coat from L'Elegantae is made from wool blend that makes it comfortable to wear.,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Dry clean Only,Regular,Black,LE639WA18JGRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Green-Printed-Sweatshirt-867487.html,L'Elegantae,The next time you have to step out with friends on a chilly evening make sure you look your stylish best wearing this green coloured sweatshirt from L'Elegantae. Besides being visually appealing this regular-fit sweatshirt is comfortable and warm too courtesy its cotton fleece fabric.,,COTTON FLEECE,Machine wash,Regular,Green,LE639WA12JGXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Embroidered-Top-867489.html,L'Elegantae,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Viscose,Machine wash,Regular,Black,LE639WA10JGZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Printed-Top-867491.html,L'Elegantae,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality poly satin this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,POLY SATIN,Machine wash,Regular,Black,LE639WA08JHBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Black-Printed-Sweatshirt-867493.html,L'Elegantae,The next time you have to step out with friends on a chilly evening make sure you look your stylish best wearing this black coloured sweatshirt from L'Elegantae. Besides being visually appealing this regular-fit sweatshirt is comfortable and warm too courtesy its cotton fleece fabric.,,COTTON FLEECE,Machine wash,Regular,Black,LE639WA06JHDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Green-Solid-Sweatshirt-867495.html,L'Elegantae,The next time you have to step out with friends on a chilly evening make sure you look your stylish best wearing this green coloured sweatshirt from L'Elegantae. Besides being visually appealing this regular-fit sweatshirt is comfortable and warm too courtesy its cotton fleece fabric.,,COTTON FLEECE,Machine wash,Regular,Green,LE639WA04JHFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Turquoise-Printed-Top-867497.html,L'Elegantae,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality viscose jersey this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,VISCOSE JERSEY,Hand wash,Regular,Turquoise,LE639WA02JHHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-White-Printed-Top-867499.html,L'Elegantae,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality viscose jersey this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,VISCOSE JERSEY,Hand wash,Regular,White,LE639WA00JHJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Red-Printed-Tunic-867501.html,L'Elegantae,Double your fashion flair as you wear this tunic from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality poly crepe this tunic is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,,POLY CREPE,Machine wash,Regular,Red,LE639WA98JHLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Coffee-Printed-Winter-Jackets-867503.html,L'Elegantae,Embrace warmth in the most stylish manner this winter season by slipping into this coffee jacket by L'Elegantae. Featuring a striking design and excellent finish it will complement all your casual outfits ranging from dresses and skirts to denims. Tailored in regular fit from polyester it is also lightweight and durable.,Long Coats,Poly,Dry clean Only,Regular,Coffee,LE639WA96JHNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-Pink-Solid-Top-867507.html,L'Elegantae,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of L'Elegantae. Made of premium quality poly georgette this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Poly Georgette,Hand wash,Regular,Pink,LE639WA92JHRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/l-elegantae-White-Printed-Dress-867509.html,L'Elegantae,Stow away your old stuff wearing this white coloured dress from the house of L'Elegantae. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,VISCOSE JERSEY,Machine wash,Regular,White,LE639WA90JHTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Red-Solids-Dresses-868065.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster wearing red coloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality polyester this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY,Regular,Red,GL298WA34KDDINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Pink-Solids-Dresses-868067.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster when you wear this pink coloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made from polyester fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Pink,GL298WA32KDFINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Multi-Printed-Dresses-868069.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster when you wear this multicoloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made from polyester fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Multi,GL298WA30KDHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Multi-Printed-Dresses-868071.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster when you wear this multicoloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made from polyester fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Multi,GL298WA28KDJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Multi-Printed-Dresses-868073.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster when you wear this multicoloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made from polyester fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Multi,GL298WA26KDLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Multi-Printed-Dresses-868075.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster wearing multicoloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality viscose this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Viscose,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Multi,GL298WA24KDNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Multi-Printed-Dresses-868077.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster wearing multicoloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality viscose this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Viscose,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Multi,GL298WA22KDPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Multi-Printed-Dresses-868079.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster wearing multicoloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality viscose this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Viscose,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Multi,GL298WA20KDRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Halter Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Green-Printed-Dresses-868081.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster wearing green coloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality polyester this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Green,GL298WA18KDTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Maroon-Solids-Dresses-868083.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster wearing maroon coloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality polyester this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Maroon,GL298WA16KDVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Orange-Solids-Dresses-868085.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster wearingorangecoloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality polyester this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Orange,GL298WA14KDXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Golden-Printed-Dresses-868087.html,Glam & Luxe,Lusting after luster wearing golden coloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality polyester this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Golden,GL298WA12KDZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Red-Printed-868089.html,Glam & Luxe,Pull together a chic look when you wear this red coloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made from polyester fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Red,GL298WA10KEBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Brown-Printed-Dress-868091.html,Glam & Luxe,Pull together a chic look when you wear this brown coloured dress by Glam & Luxe. Made from polyester fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Brown,GL298WA08KEDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Green-Printed-Top-868093.html,Glam & Luxe,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top in green coloured from the house of Glam & Luxe. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Green,GL298WA06KEFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Black-Printed-Top-868097.html,Glam & Luxe,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Black,GL298WA02KEJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Black-Printed-Top-868099.html,Glam & Luxe,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured top from the house of Glam & Luxe. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Black,GL298WA00KELINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Blue-Printed-Shorts-868103.html,Glam & Luxe,Upgrade your staple look wearing shorts by Glam & Luxe. The polyester fabric of these shorts will keep you sweat free. Tailored in regular fit these shorts can be clubbed with casual tops and roman sandals to flaunt a chic look for the day.,,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Blue,GL298WA96KEPINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Pink-Solids-Top-868105.html,Glam & Luxe,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Viscose,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Pink,GL298WA94KERINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Orange-Printed-Top-868107.html,Glam & Luxe,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Viscose,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Orange,GL298WA92KETINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Purple-Solid-Top-868109.html,Glam & Luxe,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Viscose,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Purple,GL298WA90KEVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Pink-Solids-Jumpsuits-868111.html,Glam & Luxe,Smartly designed this pink coloured jumpsuit from Glam & Luxe will be a trendy addition to your wardrobe. Made from rayon this jumpsuit is comfortable to wear and will keep you at ease. Pair this comfort-fit jumpsuit with heels and look stunning.,,Rayon,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Pink,GL298WA88KEXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Black-Printed-Top-868115.html,Glam & Luxe,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Black,GL298WA84KFBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Polo Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Blue-Skirts-868117.html,Glam & Luxe,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this greencolouredskirt from the house of Glam & Luxe. Fashioned using polyester this skirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with a black coloured top for a sassy look.,,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Blue,GL298WA82KFDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Pink-Skirts-868119.html,Glam & Luxe,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this skirt in pink colour from the house of Glam & Luxe. Fashioned using polyester this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with a black coloured top for a sassy look.,,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Pink,GL298WA80KFFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Grey-Printed-Top-868121.html,Glam & Luxe,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Viscose,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Grey,GL298WA78KFHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Multi-Printed-Top-868123.html,Glam & Luxe,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of Glam & Luxe. Made of premium quality viscose this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Viscose,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Multi,GL298WA76KFJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Black-Printed-Top-868125.html,Glam & Luxe,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured top from the house of Glam & Luxe. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Crop Tops,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Black,GL298WA74KFLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Cropped Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Beige-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868179.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this beige coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,FA682WA20KHNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-White-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868189.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this white coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,White,FA682WA10KHXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868191.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this yellow coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,FA682WA08KHZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868197.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this black coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Velvet,DRYCLEAN,,Black,FA682WA02KIFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Maroon-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868199.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this maroon coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Maroon,FA682WA00KIHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868209.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this pink coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA90KIRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868213.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this pink coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA86KIVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868215.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this red coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Red,FA682WA84KIXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868217.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this black coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Black,FA682WA82KIZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Brown-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868219.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this brown coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,FA682WA80KJBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Violet-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868221.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this violet indigo coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Violet Indigo,FA682WA78KJDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868225.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this green coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Green,FA682WA74KJHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Cream-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868227.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this cream coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Cream,FA682WA72KJJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868229.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this pink coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA70KJLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868233.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this yellow coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,FA682WA66KJPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-868235.html,Fabdeal,A delight for women who are fond of ethnic wear this yellow coloured dress material from Fabdeal is worth investing in. Bright and attractive this dress material features an eye-catching print and thus makes for an excellent gifting option as well.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,FA682WA64KJRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Multi-Printed-Dress-868311.html,Cation,Pull together a chic look when you wear this multicoloured dress by Cation. Made from cotton blend fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Bodycon Dresses,COTTON BLEND,gentle wash,Slim,Multi,CA393WA88KMPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Multi-Printed-Dress-868313.html,Cation,Pull together a chic look when you wear this multicoloured dress by Cation. Made from cotton blend fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Bodycon Dresses,COTTON BLEND,gentle wash,Slim,Multi,CA393WA86KMRINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Printed-Dress-868315.html,Cation,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this blue coloured dress from the house of Cation. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA84KMTINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Printed-Dress-868317.html,Cation,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this blue coloured dress from the house of Cation. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,Polyester,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA82KMVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Pink-Printed-Dress-868319.html,Cation,Jet from day to night with ease wearing this pink coloured dress from the house of Cation. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Pink,CA393WA80KMXINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Multi-Printed-Dress-868321.html,Cation,Pull together a chic look when you wear this multicoloured dress by Cation. Made from cotton blend fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Bodycon Dresses,COTTON BLEND,gentle wash,Slim,Multi,CA393WA78KMZINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Henley,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Printed-Dress-868323.html,Cation,Pull together a chic look when you wear this blue coloured dress by Cation. Made from cotton blend fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Bodycon Dresses,COTTON BLEND,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA76KNBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Printed-Dress-868325.html,Cation,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by Cation. Crafted from cotton it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it with matching pumps to step out in style.,Shift Dresses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA74KNDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Grey-Solid-Top-868327.html,Cation,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of Cation. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Grey,CA393WA72KNFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Grey-Solid-Top-868329.html,Cation,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of Cation. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Grey,CA393WA70KNHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Red-Solid-Top-868331.html,Cation,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of Cation. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Red,CA393WA68KNJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Red-Solid-Top-868335.html,Cation,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of Cation. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Red,CA393WA64KNNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Black-Solid-Top-868337.html,Cation,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of Cation. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Black,CA393WA62KNPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Pink-Solid-Top-868339.html,Cation,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of Cation. Made of premium quality cotton this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Pink,CA393WA60KNRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Yellow-Solid-Top-868341.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this yellow coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Yellow,CA393WA58KNTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Orange-Solid-Top-868343.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this orange coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Orange,CA393WA56KNVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Solid-Top-868345.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this blue coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA54KNXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Green-Solid-Top-868347.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this green coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Green,CA393WA52KNZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Solid-Top-868349.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this blue coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA50KOBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Red-Solid-Top-868351.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this red coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Red,CA393WA48KODINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Grey-Solid-Top-868353.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this grey coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Grey,CA393WA46KOFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Multi-Printed-Top-868355.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this multicoloured top by Cation. Made from crepe this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Crepe,gentle wash,Slim,Multi,CA393WA44KOHINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Black-Solid-Top-868357.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this black coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Black,CA393WA42KOJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Black-Solid-Top-868359.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this black coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Black,CA393WA40KOLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-White-Embroidered-Top-868361.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this white coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,White,CA393WA38KONINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Off-White-Embroidered-Top-868363.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair when you wear this off white coloured top by Cation. Made from cotton this slim-fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Off White,CA393WA36KOPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Red-Solid-Kurtas-869167.html,Aurelia,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness as you wear this kurta in red colour from the house of Aurelia. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurtaissoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,AU626WA32LTNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Blue-Solid-Kurtas-869169.html,Aurelia,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this blue coloured kurtafrom the house of Aurelia. Exclusively designed this kurta will enhance your curves and its soft polycotton fabric will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,POLY COTTON,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,AU626WA30LTPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Blue-Solid-Kurtis-869173.html,Aurelia,Flaunt sartorial elegance when you wear this blue coloured kurtaby Aurelia. Designed with absolute perfection thiscotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurti,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,AU626WA26LTTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/aurelia-Green-Solid-Kurtis-869175.html,Aurelia,Make the guys forget the world when you wear this green coloured kurtaby Aurelia. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,AU626WA24LTVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Black-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869281.html,Monte Carlo,Get a stylish winter look by wearing this black coloured sweater for women from Monte Carlo. Made from wool blend this sweater has full sleeves and collar. You can pair it with bottoms and top of your choice and wrap a beautiful scarf around your neck to look fabulous.,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MO514WA18LXXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Cream-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869283.html,Monte Carlo,Get a stylish winter look by wearing this cream coloured sweater for women from Monte Carlo. Made from wool blend material this sweater has full sleeves and a collar. You can pair it with bottoms and top of your choice and wrap a beautiful scarf around your neck to look fabulous.,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,MO514WA16LXZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Grey-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869285.html,Monte Carlo,,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,MO514WA14LYBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Maroon-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869287.html,Monte Carlo,Be the cynosure of all eyes wearing this maroon coloured sweater from the house of Monte Carlo. Made of wool blend this sweater for girls ensures great comfort. Featuring regular fit this trendy sweater will become your instant favourite.,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,MO514WA12LYDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Orange-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869289.html,Monte Carlo,Get a stylish winter look by wearing this orange coloured sweater for women from Monte Carlo. Made from wool blend material this sweater has full sleeves and a collar. You can pair it with bottoms and top of your choice and wrap a beautiful scarf around your neck to look fabulous.,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,MO514WA10LYFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Purple-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869291.html,Monte Carlo,,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,MO514WA08LYHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Red-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869293.html,Monte Carlo,,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,MO514WA06LYJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Multi-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869295.html,Monte Carlo,Chic and modish this multicoloured sweater from the house of Monte Carlo will get you noticed for all the right reasons. Made of wool this sweater for women is quite comfortable to wear and long-lasting as well. Featuring regular fit this sweater is an ideal pick!,,Wool,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MO514WA04LYLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Multi-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869299.html,Monte Carlo,,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MO514WA00LYPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Cream-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869303.html,Monte Carlo,,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,MO514WA96LYTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Brown-Full-Sleeve-Sweater-869305.html,Monte Carlo,Look exceptionally stylish this winter wearing this brown coloured sweater from the house of Monte Carlo. Made of wool blend this sweater for women is skin friendly and quite comfortable to wear as well. Featuring regular fit this sweater will help you stay warm in the chilly winters.,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,MO514WA94LYVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Multi-Full-Sleeve-Top-869307.html,Monte Carlo,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing this multicoloured topfrom the house of Monte Carlo. Fashioned using acrylic this topwill keep you comfortableall day long. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MO514WA92LYXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Blue-Full-Sleeve-Dress-869309.html,Monte Carlo,Try something new that's perfect for this rugged trendwhen you wear this blue coloured dressfrom Monte Carlo. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look. Club it with platform heels to look astonishingly charming.,Shift Dresses,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,MO514WA90LYZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Red-Full-Sleeve-Dress-869311.html,Monte Carlo,Increase your glam quotient wearing this red coloured dress from the house of Monte Carlo. Made of wool blend this dress is super comfortable to wear. Featuring regular fit this dress will help you make a stellar impact on people around you.,Shift Dresses,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,MO514WA88LZBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/monte-carlo-Pink-Full-Sleeve-Top-869313.html,Monte Carlo,Try something new that's perfect for this rugged trendwhen you wear this pink coloured topby Monte Carlo. Made from cotton this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,MO514WA86LZDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Embroidered-Saree-869331.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,DRYCLEAN,,Green,FA682WA68LZVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Purple-Embroidered-Saree-869333.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,FA682WA66LZXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Saree-869339.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA60MADINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Saree-869369.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of viscose this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Viscose,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA30MBHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Embroidered-Saree-869371.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,FA682WA28MBJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Embroidered-Saree-869373.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Green,FA682WA26MBLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Embroidered-Saree-869375.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Black,FA682WA24MBNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Saree-869405.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA94MCRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Embroidered-Saree-869417.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Green,FA682WA82MDDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Embroidered-Saree-869419.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Black,FA682WA80MDFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Magenta-Embroidered-Saree-869421.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this magenta coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Magenta,FA682WA78MDHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-White-Embroidered-Saree-869429.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,White,FA682WA70MDPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Embroidered-Saree-869435.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,FA682WA64MDVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Purple-Embroidered-Saree-869437.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,FA682WA62MDXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Embroidered-Saree-869449.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of silk blend this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Black,FA682WA50MEJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Cream-Embroidered-Saree-869453.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of silk blend this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Cream,FA682WA46MENINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-White-Embroidered-Saree-869457.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,White,FA682WA42MERINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Embroidered-Saree-869463.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,DRYCLEAN,,Black,FA682WA36MEXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Beige-Embroidered-Saree-869465.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this beige coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,FA682WA34MEZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Embroidered-Saree-869467.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of viscose this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Viscose,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,FA682WA32MFBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Cream-Embroidered-Saree-869469.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of viscose this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Viscose,DRYCLEAN,,Cream,FA682WA30MFDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Embroidered-Saree-869471.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,FA682WA28MFFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Saree-869477.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA22MFLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Cream-Embroidered-Saree-869479.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,DRYCLEAN,,Cream,FA682WA20MFNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Peach-Embroidered-Saree-869483.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this peach coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Peach,FA682WA16MFRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Saree-869505.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND GEORGETTE,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA94MGNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Embroidered-Saree-869511.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,FA682WA88MGTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Saree-869515.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA84MGXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Embroidered-Saree-869517.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Green,FA682WA82MGZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Embroidered-Saree-869521.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,FA682WA78MHDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Red-Embroidered-Saree-869555.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Red,FA682WA44MILINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-White-Embroidered-Saree-869557.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,White,FA682WA42MININDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Embroidered-Saree-869565.html,Fabdeal,Fabdeal presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,FA682WA34MIVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Black-Solids-Trousers-869569.html,Glam & Luxe,Take a more relaxed approach towards fashion wearing these black coloured trouser from the house of Glam & Luxe. Made of polyester these trousers will keep you comfortable the entire day. Club these trousers with a shirt and peep toes for a stunning look.,Palazzo,Polyester,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Black,GL298WA30MIZINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Black-Printed-Skirt-869571.html,Cation,Complete your formal look for the day by wearing this blackcoloured skirt from Cation. Fashioned from cotton blend this skirt will ensure a comfortable and perfect fit. Complement it with a contrast coloured blouse or a blazer to leave a lasting impression on your colleagues.,Flared,COTTON BLEND,gentle wash,Slim,Black,CA393WA28MJBINDFAS,,,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Printed-Skirt-869573.html,Cation,Complete your formal look for the day by wearing this bluecoloured skirt from Cation. Fashioned from cotton blend this skirt will ensure a comfortable and perfect fit. Complement it with a contrast coloured blouse or a blazer to leave a lasting impression on your colleagues.,Flared,COTTON BLEND,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA26MJDINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Multi-Printed-Skirt-869575.html,Cation,Complete your formal look for the day by wearing this multicoloured skirt from Cation. Fashioned from cotton blend this skirt will ensure a comfortable and perfect fit. Complement it with a contrast coloured blouse or a blazer to leave a lasting impression on your colleagues.,Flared,COTTON BLEND,gentle wash,Slim,Multi,CA393WA24MJFINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Printed-Skirt-869577.html,Cation,Complete your formal look for the day by wearing this bluecoloured skirt from Cation. Fashioned from cotton blend this skirt will ensure a comfortable and perfect fit. Complement it with a contrast coloured blouse or a blazer to leave a lasting impression on your colleagues.,Flared,COTTON BLEND,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA22MJHINDFAS,,,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Printed-Skirt-869579.html,Cation,Complete your formal look for the day by wearing this bluecoloured skirt from Cation. Fashioned from cotton blend this skirt will ensure a comfortable and perfect fit. Complement it with a contrast coloured blouse or a blazer to leave a lasting impression on your colleagues.,Flared,COTTON BLEND,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA20MJJINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Red-Printed-Kurti-869581.html,Cation,Look like a dream as you wear this kurti in red coloured from the house of Cation. Exclusively designed this kurti with slim fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Red,CA393WA18MJLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Black-Printed-Kurti-869583.html,Cation,Look like a dream as you wear this kurti in black coloured from the house of Cation. Exclusively designed this kurti with slim fit will enhance your curves and soft rayon will keep you comfortable. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,,Rayon,gentle wash,Slim,Black,CA393WA16MJNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Black-Printed-Shirt-869585.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured shirt from the house of Cation. Fashioned using georgette this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Georgette,gentle wash,Slim,Black,CA393WA14MJPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Pink-Checks-Shirt-869587.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair wearing this pink coloured shirt from the house of Cation. Fashioned using wool this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Wool,gentle wash,Slim,Pink,CA393WA12MJRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Black-Solid-Shirt-869589.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair wearing this black coloured shirt from the house of Cation. Fashioned using cotton this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton,gentle wash,Slim,Black,CA393WA10MJTINDFAS,Roll Up Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Checks-Shirt-869591.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured shirt from the house of Cation. Fashioned using wool this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Wool,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA08MJVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/cation-Blue-Solid-Shirt-869593.html,Cation,Double your fashion flair wearing this blue coloured shirt from the house of Cation. Fashioned using denim this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Denim,gentle wash,Slim,Blue,CA393WA06MJXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Cotton-Green-Kurta-869599.html,W,Pull together a chic look when you wear this kurtaby W. The kurtais made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,XW574WA00MKDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Brown-Kurta-869605.html,W,Flaunt a no-fuss look wearing thiskurtaby W. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft acrylic fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,XW574WA94MKJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Black-Kurta-869607.html,W,A stylish update on the sartorial look wearing black coloured kurtaby W. The kurtais made from acrylic which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,XW574WA92MKLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Green-Kurta-869609.html,W,Melt the rainbow wearing thisby W. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft acrylic fabric. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,XW574WA90MKNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/w-Acrylic-Black-Kurta-869613.html,W,Keep your look lively wearing this black coloured kurta by W. Made from acrylic this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurta,Acrylic,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,XW574WA86MKRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Grey-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869689.html,Style Quotient,Flaunt your love for internet lingo by wearing this grey coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient that features various abbreviations. Made from cotton this T-shirt has round neck and half sleeves. You can team it with jeans or shorts to complete your casual look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Grey,ST174WA10MNPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Flaunt your love for internet lingo by wearing this grey coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient that features various abbreviations. Made from cotton this T-shirt has round neck and half sleeves. You can team it with jeans or shorts to complete your casual look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Grey-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869691.html,Style Quotient,Look stylish and feel comfortable wearing this grey coloured quirky printed T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with stylish bottoms of your choice to complete your casual look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Grey,ST174WA08MNRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Look stylish and feel comfortable wearing this grey coloured quirky printed T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with stylish bottoms of your choice to complete your casual look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Yellow-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869693.html,Style Quotient,A perfect comfortable and casual T-shirt for women is this yellow onefrom Style Quotient. This regular-fit T-shirt will be smooth on your skin as it is made from 100% cotton. Just pair it with any of your lowers like jeans to get a fresh look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Yellow,ST174WA06MNTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,A perfect comfortable and casual T-shirt for women is this yellow onefrom Style Quotient. This regular-fit T-shirt will be smooth on your skin as it is made from 100% cotton. Just pair it with any of your lowers like jeans to get a fresh look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Black-Sleevless-Camisole-869695.html,Style Quotient,Experience ultimate comfort wearing this black coloured camisole from Style Quotient. Fashioned from 100% cotton this regular-fit camisole will keep you at ease throughout. Furthermore this camisole will go well with a skirt or jeans.,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Black,ST174WA04MNVINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Experience ultimate comfort wearing this black coloured camisole from Style Quotient. Fashioned from 100% cotton this regular-fit camisole will keep you at ease throughout. Furthermore this camisole will go well with a skirt or jeans.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-Sleevless-Camisole-869697.html,Style Quotient,,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA02MNXINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Teal-Sleevless-Camisole-869699.html,Style Quotient,Look sexy and feminine when your wear this blue coloured camisole for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this camisole has strappy shoulders. You can wear it with shorts and flip-flops to look super stylish. Additionally a jacket or scarf would shoot up your casual look instantly.,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA00MNZINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Look sexy and feminine when your wear this blue coloured camisole for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this camisole has strappy shoulders. You can wear it with shorts and flip-flops to look super stylish. Additionally a jacket or scarf would shoot up your casual look instantly.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Green-Sleevless-Camisole-869701.html,Style Quotient,A must-have in your wardrobe is this camisole by Style Quotient. Tailored in regular fit from breathable cotton fabric it is extremely soft against the skin. Wear it under a shirt for a perfect layered effect or under a sheer top to hide your modesty.,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Green,ST174WA98MOBINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,A must-have in your wardrobe is this camisole by Style Quotient. Tailored in regular fit from breathable cotton fabric it is extremely soft against the skin. Wear it under a shirt for a perfect layered effect or under a sheer top to hide your modesty.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Grey-Sleevless-Camisole-869703.html,Style Quotient,Whether you are trying to layer your camisole under a beautiful lacy top or using it as a workout garment this grey coloured camisole from Style Quotient will solve the purpose. This regular-fit camisole will fit you well and make you feel awesome within. The 100% cotton fabric further makes this camisole so soft and pretty that you will certainly want it to be a part of your wardrobe forever.,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Grey,ST174WA96MODINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Whether you are trying to layer your camisole under a beautiful lacy top or using it as a workout garment this grey coloured camisole from Style Quotient will solve the purpose. This regular-fit camisole will fit you well and make you feel awesome within. The 100% cotton fabric further makes this camisole so soft and pretty that you will certainly want it to be a part of your wardrobe forever.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Off-White-Sleevless-Camisole-869705.html,Style Quotient,Get a super stylish and super-hot look by wearing this off-white coloured camisole for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this camisole has strappy sleeves to make you feel comfortable and light. You can use this camisole for layering and slip in trendy bottoms to look super stylish.,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Off White,ST174WA94MOFINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Get a super stylish and super-hot look by wearing this off-white coloured camisole for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this camisole has strappy sleeves to make you feel comfortable and light. You can use this camisole for layering and slip in trendy bottoms to look super stylish.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Pink-Sleevless-Camisole-869707.html,Style Quotient,A must-have in your wardrobe is this pink coloured camisole by Style Quotient. Tailored in regular fit from breathable cotton fabric it is extremely soft against the skin. You can wear it under your sheer tops to hide your modesty.,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Pink,ST174WA92MOHINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,A must-have in your wardrobe is this pink coloured camisole by Style Quotient. Tailored in regular fit from breathable cotton fabric it is extremely soft against the skin. You can wear it under your sheer tops to hide your modesty.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Purple-Sleevless-Camisole-869709.html,Style Quotient,Look sexy and feminine when your wear this purple coloured camisole for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this camisole has strappy shoulders. You can wear it with shorts and flip-flops to look super stylish. Additionally a jacket or scarf would shoot up your casual look instantly.,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Purple,ST174WA90MOJINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Look sexy and feminine when your wear this purple coloured camisole for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this camisole has strappy shoulders. You can wear it with shorts and flip-flops to look super stylish. Additionally a jacket or scarf would shoot up your casual look instantly.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Wine-Sleevless-Camisole-869711.html,Style Quotient,A must-have in your wardrobe is this wine camisole by Style Quotient. Tailored in regular fit from breathable cotton fabric it also ensures maximum comfort and a soft feel. You can wear it under your sheer tops to create a perfect layered effect.,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Wine,ST174WA88MOLINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,A must-have in your wardrobe is this wine camisole by Style Quotient. Tailored in regular fit from breathable cotton fabric it also ensures maximum comfort and a soft feel. You can wear it under your sheer tops to create a perfect layered effect.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Yellow-Sleevless-Camisole-869713.html,Style Quotient,Get a super stylish and super-hot look by wearing this yellow coloured camisole for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this camisole has strappy sleeves to make you feel comfortable and light. You can use this camisole for layering and slip in trendy bottoms to look super stylish.,Basic,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Yellow,ST174WA86MONINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Hip Length,Get a super stylish and super-hot look by wearing this yellow coloured camisole for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this camisole has strappy sleeves to make you feel comfortable and light. You can use this camisole for layering and slip in trendy bottoms to look super stylish.Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Purple-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869715.html,Style Quotient,A comfortable and casual T-shirt for women is this purpleonefrom Style Quotient. This regular-fit T-shirt will be smooth on your skin as it is made from 100% cotton. Just pair it with any of your lowers like jeans to get a fresh look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Purple,ST174WA84MOPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,A comfortable and casual T-shirt for women is this purpleonefrom Style Quotient. This regular-fit T-shirt will be smooth on your skin as it is made from 100% cotton. Just pair it with any of your lowers like jeans to get a fresh look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Wine-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869717.html,Style Quotient,Look stylish and feel comfortable wearing this grey coloured quirky print T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it with stylish bottoms of your choice to complete your casual look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Purple,ST174WA82MORINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,,Look stylish and feel comfortable wearing this grey coloured quirky print T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it with stylish bottoms of your choice to complete your casual look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Wine-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869719.html,Style Quotient,Stun onlookers with your amazing casual look by wearing this purple T-shirt by Style Quotient. Adorned with a striking digital print it will surely lend you a look worth flaunting. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric it also ensures maximum breathability and comfort.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Purple,ST174WA80MOTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,,Stun onlookers with your amazing casual look by wearing this purple T-shirt by Style Quotient. Adorned with a striking digital print it will surely lend you a look worth flaunting. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric it also ensures maximum breathability and comfort.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869721.html,Style Quotient,Look stylish and feel comfortable wearing this blue coloured printed T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with stylish bottoms of your choice to complete your casual look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA78MOVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Look stylish and feel comfortable wearing this blue coloured printed T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with stylish bottoms of your choice to complete your casual look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Black-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869723.html,Style Quotient,Get a fun and sexy look by wearing this black coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it with shorts or full length bottoms of your choice to look stunning.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Black,ST174WA76MOXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Get a fun and sexy look by wearing this black coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it with shorts or full length bottoms of your choice to look stunning.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Pink-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869725.html,Style Quotient,Get a fun and sexy look by wearing this pink coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with shorts or full length bottoms of your choice to look stunning.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Pink,ST174WA74MOZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,,Get a fun and sexy look by wearing this pink coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with shorts or full length bottoms of your choice to look stunning.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Off-White-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869727.html,Style Quotient,A casual T-shirt which will add freshness to your look is this off-white coloured one for women from Style Quotient. This printed T-shirt is made from 100% cotton that will ensure you a comfortable day ahead. Wear it with a cute skirt to bring forth your bubbly side.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Off White,ST174WA72MPBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,A casual T-shirt which will add freshness to your look is this off-white coloured one for women from Style Quotient. This printed T-shirt is made from 100% cotton that will ensure you a comfortable day ahead. Wear it with a cute skirt to bring forth your bubbly side.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Multi-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869729.html,Style Quotient,Your casual wear collection is incomplete without this multicoloured pack of 2 T-shirts from Style Quotient. Featuring an attractive print on the front these short-sleeved T-shirts will lend you a smart and stylish look. Designed using bio wash technology these T-shirts are extremely soft to touch. Made from 100% cotton these regular-fit T-shirts will keep you at ease all day long.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Multi,ST174WA70MPDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Your casual wear collection is incomplete without this multicoloured pack of 2 T-shirts from Style Quotient. Featuring an attractive print on the front these short-sleeved T-shirts will lend you a smart and stylish look. Designed using bio wash technology these T-shirts are extremely soft to touch. Made from 100% cotton these regular-fit T-shirts will keep you at ease all day long.Printed,Pack Of  2 T Shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Multi-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869731.html,Style Quotient,Style Quotient offers thispack of 2 T-shirts that will be a stylish addition to the casual wear collection of modern women. Featuring eye-catching print on the front these T-shirts will lend you a smart look. Designed using bio-wash technique these T-shirts are extremely soft to touch. Made from 100% cotton these regular-fit T-shirts can be comfortably worn all day long.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Multi,ST174WA68MPFINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Style Quotient offers thispack of 2 T-shirts that will be a stylish addition to the casual wear collection of modern women. Featuring eye-catching print on the front these T-shirts will lend you a smart look. Designed using bio-wash technique these T-shirts are extremely soft to touch. Made from 100% cotton these regular-fit T-shirts can be comfortably worn all day long.Printed,Pack Of  2 T Shirt,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Multi-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869733.html,Style Quotient,Get a colourful feminine and trendy look by wearing this multicoloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Multi,ST174WA66MPHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Get a colourful feminine and trendy look by wearing this multicoloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Pink-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869735.html,Style Quotient,Get a fun and sexy look by wearing this pink coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it with shorts or full length bottoms of your choice to look stunning.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Pink,ST174WA64MPJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,,Get a fun and sexy look by wearing this pink coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it with shorts or full length bottoms of your choice to look stunning.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Green-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869737.html,Style Quotient,A perfect comfortable and casual T-shirt for women is this green onefrom Style Quotient. This regular-fit T-shirt will be smooth on your skin as it is made from 100% cotton. Just pair it with any of your lowers like jeans to get a fresh look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Green,ST174WA62MPLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,A perfect comfortable and casual T-shirt for women is this green onefrom Style Quotient. This regular-fit T-shirt will be smooth on your skin as it is made from 100% cotton. Just pair it with any of your lowers like jeans to get a fresh look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Black-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869739.html,Style Quotient,Simple yet stylish this black coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient will present a perfect option that you can wear on a casual day. It features interesting lip prints on the front. This half sleeve round neck T-shirt is made from 100% cotton which ensures that it will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it over a pair of bright coloured jeggings to get a noticeable look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Black,ST174WA60MPNINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Simple yet stylish this black coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient will present a perfect option that you can wear on a casual day. It features interesting lip prints on the front. This half sleeve round neck T-shirt is made from 100% cotton which ensures that it will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it over a pair of bright coloured jeggings to get a noticeable look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Off-White-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869741.html,Style Quotient,Simple yet stylish this off-white coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient will present a perfect option that you can wear on a casual day. It features a cute girl print on the front. This half-sleeved round neck T-shirt is made from 100% cotton which ensures that it will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it over a pair of bright coloured jeggings to get a noticeable look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Off White,ST174WA58MPPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Simple yet stylish this off-white coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient will present a perfect option that you can wear on a casual day. It features a cute girl print on the front. This half-sleeved round neck T-shirt is made from 100% cotton which ensures that it will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it over a pair of bright coloured jeggings to get a noticeable look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Off-White-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869743.html,Style Quotient,Simple yet stylish this off-white coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient will present a perfect option that you can wear on a casual day. It features an interesting print on the front. This half-sleeved round neck T-shirt is made from 100% cotton which ensures that it will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it over a pair of bright coloured jeggings to get a noticeable look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Off White,ST174WA56MPRINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Simple yet stylish this off-white coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient will present a perfect option that you can wear on a casual day. It features an interesting print on the front. This half-sleeved round neck T-shirt is made from 100% cotton which ensures that it will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it over a pair of bright coloured jeggings to get a noticeable look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Purple-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869745.html,Style Quotient,Get a colourful feminine and trendy look by wearing this purple coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Purple,ST174WA54MPTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Get a colourful feminine and trendy look by wearing this purple coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869747.html,Style Quotient,Get a colourful feminine and trendy look by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA52MPVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Get a colourful feminine and trendy look by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869749.html,Style Quotient,Bring out your cool side by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit T-shirt will be a perfect pick to help you steer your way through a hot day. Just club it with a pair of black jeans and stylish sandals to complete your look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA50MPXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Bring out your cool side by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit T-shirt will be a perfect pick to help you steer your way through a hot day. Just club it with a pair of black jeans and stylish sandals to complete your look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Blue-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869751.html,Style Quotient,Get a colourful feminine and trendy look by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA48MPZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Get a colourful feminine and trendy look by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women from Style Quotient. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Teal-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869753.html,Style Quotient,Bring out your cool side by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit T-shirt will be a perfect pick to help you steer your way through a hot day. Just club it with a pair of black jeans and stylish sandals to complete your look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA46MQBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Bring out your cool side by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from Style Quotient. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit T-shirt will be a perfect pick to help you steer your way through a hot day. Just club it with a pair of black jeans and stylish sandals to complete your look.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Style-Quotient-Teal-Short-Sleeves-T-Shirt-869755.html,Style Quotient,Flaunt your amazing dressing sense wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women by Style Quotient. Exhibiting a striking print this regular-fit T-shirt will certainly lend you a chic look. Team this 100% cotton T-shirt with jeans and belly shoes.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,HAND WASH SEPARETLY,Regular,Blue,ST174WA44MQDINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Flaunt your amazing dressing sense wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women by Style Quotient. Exhibiting a striking print this regular-fit T-shirt will certainly lend you a chic look. Team this 100% cotton T-shirt with jeans and belly shoes.Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Golden-Embroidered-Sarees-869879.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this golden coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Golden,BA435WA20MUXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-869885.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Red,BA435WA14MVDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-869887.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton blend this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,COTTON BLEND,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,BA435WA12MVFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Magenta-Embroidered-Sarees-869889.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this magenta coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Magenta,BA435WA10MVHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Black-Embroidered-Sarees-869891.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of velvet this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Velvet,Dry Clean Only,,Black,BA435WA08MVJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Gold-Embroidered-Sarees-869893.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this golden coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Golden,BA435WA06MVLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Cream-Embroidered-Sarees-869897.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,BA435WA02MVPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Gold-Embroidered-Sarees-869901.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this golden coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Golden,BA435WA98MVTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-869905.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,BA435WA94MVXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Gold-Embroidered-Sarees-869907.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this golden coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Golden,BA435WA92MVZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Cream-Embroidered-Sarees-869909.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,BA435WA90MWBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Gold-Embroidered-Sarees-869913.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this golden coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Golden,BA435WA86MWFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Golden-Embroidered-Sarees-869915.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this golden coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Golden,BA435WA84MWHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-869917.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,BA435WA82MWJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Gold-Embroidered-Sarees-869921.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this golden coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Golden,BA435WA78MWNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Grey-Embroidered-Sarees-869925.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Grey,BA435WA74MWRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-869927.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of brasso this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,BRASSO,Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,BA435WA72MWTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-869931.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,Dry Clean Only,,Red,BA435WA68MWXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Orange-Embroidered-Sarees-869933.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Orange,BA435WA66MWZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Maroon-Embroidered-Sarees-870585.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Maroon,IS632WA14NWBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-870587.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,IS632WA12NWDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870589.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA10NWFINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Black-Printed-Sarees-870591.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Black,IS632WA08NWHINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870599.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA00NWPINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Pink-Printed-Sarees-870601.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,IS632WA98NWRINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870603.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA96NWTINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Maroon-Printed-Sarees-870605.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Maroon,IS632WA94NWVINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870607.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA92NWXINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Red-Printed-Sarees-870609.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Red,IS632WA90NWZINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Blue-Printed-Sarees-870613.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,IS632WA86NXDINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870615.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA84NXFINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Black-Embroidered-Sarees-870621.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Black,IS632WA78NXLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-870629.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Red,IS632WA70NXTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Black-Printed-Sarees-870631.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Black,IS632WA68NXVINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870633.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA66NXXINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870637.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA62NYBINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Blue-Printed-Sarees-870639.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,IS632WA60NYDINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-White-Printed-Sarees-870641.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,White,IS632WA58NYFINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Printed-Sarees-870643.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA56NYHINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Printed-Sarees-870645.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA54NYJINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Blue-Printed-Sarees-870649.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,IS632WA50NYNINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870651.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA48NYPINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870653.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA46NYRINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870655.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA44NYTINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Multi-Printed-Sarees-870657.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Multi,IS632WA42NYVINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Red-Printed-Sarees-870659.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Red,IS632WA40NYXINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-870663.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,IS632WA36NZBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-870665.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,IS632WA34NZDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870667.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA32NZFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Magenta-Embroidered-Sarees-870669.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this magenta coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Magenta,IS632WA30NZHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-870673.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,IS632WA26NZLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-870675.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,IS632WA24NZNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-870677.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,Dry Clean Only,,Red,IS632WA22NZPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870679.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA20NZRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Maroon-Embroidered-Sarees-870681.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Maroon,IS632WA18NZTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870687.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA12NZZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Orange-Embroidered-Sarees-870699.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Orange,IS632WA00OALINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870701.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA98OANINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Maroon-Embroidered-Sarees-870703.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Maroon,IS632WA96OAPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870705.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA94OARINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870707.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA92OATINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-870709.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,IS632WA90OAVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870711.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA88OAXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Maroon-Embroidered-Sarees-870719.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this maroon coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Maroon,IS632WA80OBFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Purple-Embroidered-Sarees-870723.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this purple coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Purple,IS632WA76OBJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870725.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA74OBLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870727.html,Ishin,Ishin presents thisgreencoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA72OBNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-870729.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA70OBPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Golden-Printed-Sarees-870733.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this golden coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of silk this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,Dry Clean Only,,Golden,IS632WA66OBTINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Printed-Sarees-870735.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of silk this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA64OBVINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Pink-Printed-Sarees-870743.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of silk this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,IS632WA56OCDINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-Green-Printed-Sarees-870747.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of silk this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,Dry Clean Only,,Green,IS632WA52OCHINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ishin-White-Printed-Sarees-870755.html,Ishin,Ishin presents this white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of silk this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,Dry Clean Only,,White,IS632WA44OCPINDFAS,,,,Printed,1 Saree with 1 Blouse Piece,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Brown-Embroidered-Sarees-871087.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this brown coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Brown,AD371WA12OPJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Beige-Embroidered-Sarees-871089.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this beige coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Beige,AD371WA10OPLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-871091.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,First Wash dry Clean,,Blue,AD371WA08OPNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Cream-Embroidered-Sarees-871093.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Cream,AD371WA06OPPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Brown-Embroidered-Sarees-871095.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this brown coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Brown,AD371WA04OPRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Beige-Embroidered-Sarees-871105.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this beige coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,First Wash dry Clean,,Beige,AD371WA94OQBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Embroidered-Sarees-871107.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,First Wash dry Clean,,Black,AD371WA92OQDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-871109.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Red,AD371WA90OQFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-871111.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,First Wash dry Clean,,Red,AD371WA88OQHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Grey-Embroidered-Sarees-871113.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,First Wash dry Clean,,Grey,AD371WA86OQJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-White-Embroidered-Sarees-871119.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND CHIFFON,First Wash dry Clean,,White,AD371WA80OQPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Orange-Embroidered-Sarees-871123.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of crepe this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Crepe,First Wash dry Clean,,Orange,AD371WA76OQTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-871125.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Red,AD371WA74OQVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Cream-Embroidered-Sarees-871127.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Cream,AD371WA72OQXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-871129.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Pink,AD371WA70OQZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Grey-Embroidered-Sarees-871135.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,First Wash dry Clean,,Grey,AD371WA64ORFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Orange-Embroidered-Sarees-871137.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,First Wash dry Clean,,Orange,AD371WA62ORHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-871139.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Blue,AD371WA60ORJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-871141.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,First Wash dry Clean,,Green,AD371WA58ORLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Grey-Embroidered-Sarees-871143.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Grey,AD371WA56ORNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-871147.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Green,AD371WA52ORRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-871149.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Green,AD371WA50ORTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-871153.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,First Wash dry Clean,,Blue,AD371WA46ORXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-871155.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,First Wash dry Clean,,Blue,AD371WA44ORZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-871157.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Pink,AD371WA42OSBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Brown-Embroidered-Sarees-871159.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this brown coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Brown,AD371WA40OSDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Grey-Embroidered-Sarees-871163.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash dry Clean,,Grey,AD371WA36OSHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1. Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Banarsi-Jacquard-Cream-Saree-871545.html,Sattika,,,Jaquard,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,SA039WA54PGZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Manipuri-Jacquard-Cream-Saree-871553.html,Sattika,,,Jaquard,GENTLE WASH,,Cream,SA039WA46PHHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Manipuri-Silk-Net-Golden-Saree-871559.html,Sattika,,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Golden,SA039WA40PHNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sattika-Manipuri-Silk-Jacquard-Blue-Saree-871563.html,Sattika,Step out in style wearing this blue coloured saree from the house of Sattika. Made of silk blend this saree is quite comfortable to wear and long-lasting as well. Light in weight this saree is ideal to be worn regularly. This saree measures 5.40 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,GENTLE WASH,,Blue,SA039WA36PHRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-872113.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this black coloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton blend this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA86QCVINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-872115.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this black coloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton blend this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA84QCXINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-872117.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this black coloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton blend this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA82QCZINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872119.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this green coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton blend this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA80QDBINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-872121.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this black coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton blend this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA78QDDINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-872123.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this pink coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton blend this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA76QDFINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872125.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this green coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA74QDHINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Printed-Dress-Material-872127.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this purple coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA72QDJINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-872131.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this black coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA68QDNINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Brown-Printed-Dress-Material-872135.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this brown coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,TR402WA64QDRINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872139.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this green coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA60QDVINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Dress-Material-872141.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this red coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA58QDXINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Brown-Printed-Dress-Material-872143.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this brown coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,TR402WA56QDZINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872145.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this green coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA54QEBINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-872147.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this blue coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA52QEDINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Dress-Material-872149.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this red coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA50QEFINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872151.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this multicoloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA48QEHINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-872153.html,Triveni Sarees,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this black coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from cotton blend this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA46QEJINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Printed-Dress-Material-872157.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive purple colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton blend fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA42QENINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-872159.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive black colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton blend fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA40QEPINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872161.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive green colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton blend fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA38QERINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Dress-Material-872163.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive red colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton blend fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA36QETINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Printed-Dress-Material-872169.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive purple colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton silk fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA30QEZINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Brown-Printed-Dress-Material-872171.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive brown colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton silk fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,TR402WA28QFBINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-872173.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive blue colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton silk fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA26QFDINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Dress-Material-872175.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive beige colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton silk fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA24QFFINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-872177.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive pink colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton silk fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA22QFHINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Brown-Printed-Dress-Material-872179.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this brown coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton silk this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,TR402WA20QFJINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872181.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this green coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton silk this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA18QFLINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Magenta-Printed-Dress-Material-872183.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this magenta coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton silk this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Magenta,TR402WA16QFNINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872185.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this green coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton silk this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA14QFPINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872187.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this green coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton silk this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA12QFRINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872189.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive red colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA10QFTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872191.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive orange colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,TR402WA08QFVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Black-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872193.html,Triveni Sarees,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Triveni Sarees. Its attractive black colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the cotton fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Black,TR402WA06QFXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872195.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this blue coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA04QFZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872197.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this yellow coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA02QGBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872199.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this green coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA00QGDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872201.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this pink coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA98QGFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872203.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this green coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA96QGHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-White-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872205.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this white coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton,DRYCLEAN,,White,TR402WA94QGJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872207.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this purple coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton blend kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA92QGLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872209.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this yellow coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton blend kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA90QGNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872211.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this blue coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton blend kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA88QGPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872213.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this red coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton blend kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA86QGRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Orange-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872215.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this orange coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton blend kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,TR402WA84QGTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872217.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this pink coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton blend kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA82QGVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872219.html,Triveni Sarees,Featuring beautiful print this blue coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will surely catch your fancy at a single glance. The cotton blend kameez and bottom will offer you great comfort when stitched into a suit. The dupatta adds more appeal to this dress material. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA80QGXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872221.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this yellow coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from cotton blend this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA78QGZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872223.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this pink coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from cotton blend this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA76QHBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872225.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this yellow coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from cotton blend this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA74QHDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Embroidered-Dress-Material-872227.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this red coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from cotton blend this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,COTTON BLEND,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA72QHFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Dress-Material-872229.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this red coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA70QHHINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872231.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this green coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA68QHJINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-872233.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this blue coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA66QHLINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-872235.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this pink coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA64QHNINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-872237.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this yellow coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA62QHPINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Printed-Dress-Material-872239.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this purple coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA60QHRINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Brown-Printed-Dress-Material-872241.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this brown coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Brown,TR402WA58QHTINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Orange-Printed-Dress-Material-872243.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this orange coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,TR402WA56QHVINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-872245.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this blue coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA54QHXINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-872247.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this pink coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,TR402WA52QHZINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-872249.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this blue coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA50QIBINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-872251.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this yellow coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA48QIDINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Printed-Dress-Material-872253.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this purple coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from crepe this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA46QIFINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Dress-Material-872255.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this beige coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from cotton spandex this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA44QIHINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-872257.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this blue coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from cotton spandex this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA42QIJINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Red-Printed-Dress-Material-872259.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this red coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from cotton spandex this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Red,TR402WA40QILINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872261.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this green coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from cotton spandex this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA38QININDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Dress-Material-872263.html,Triveni Sarees,Bright and colourful this beige coloured dress material from Triveni Sarees will instantly catch your fancy. Made from cotton spandex this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.25 m).,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA36QIPINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Dress-Material-872265.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this beige coloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton spandex this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA34QIRINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Dress-Material-872267.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this beige coloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton spandex this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA32QITINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-872269.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this yellow coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton spandex this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA30QIVINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Beige-Printed-Dress-Material-872271.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this beige coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton spandex this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Beige,TR402WA28QIXINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872273.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this multicoloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton spandex this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA26QIZINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Purple-Printed-Dress-Material-872275.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this purple coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton silk this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Purple,TR402WA24QJBINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-872277.html,Triveni Sarees,Enrich your ethnic collection with this green coloured dress material from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made of cotton silk this dress material ensures maximum comfort and breathability. Comprising a 2.25 m dupatta 2.50 m top and a 2.50 m bottom this dress material features a beautiful print all over that will steal your heart right away.,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Green,TR402WA22QJDINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872279.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this multicoloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA20QJFINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872281.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this multicoloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA18QJHINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-872283.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this yellow coloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA16QJJINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872285.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this multicoloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA14QJLINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872287.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this multicoloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA12QJNINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872289.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this multicoloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA10QJPINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872291.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this multicoloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA08QJRINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-872293.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this blue coloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,TR402WA06QJTINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Grey-Printed-Dress-Material-872295.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this grey coloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Grey,TR402WA04QJVINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-872297.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this yellow coloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Yellow,TR402WA02QJXINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872299.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this multicoloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA00QJZINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/triveni-sarees-Multi-Color-Printed-Dress-Material-872301.html,Triveni Sarees,Recreate a magical aura wearing this multicoloured dress material for women from the house of Triveni Sarees. Made from cotton silk this dress material is lightweight and high on comfort.  Stitch it as per your size and team it with white coloured sandals to look mesmerising. This dress material comprises a top (2.50 m) a dupatta (2.25 m) and bottom (2.50 m).,,Cotton Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Multi,TR402WA98QKBINDFAS,,,,Printed,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,Dress Material - Top Bottom Dupatta,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Orange-Embroidered-Kurta-872303.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in orange coloured from the house of Prakhya. The half sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Orange,PR534WA96QKDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Cowl Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Purple-Embroidered-Kurta-872305.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in purple coloured from the house of Prakhya. The half sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Purple,PR534WA94QKFINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Cowl Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Blue-Printed-Kurta-872307.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in blue coloured from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,PR534WA92QKHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Red-Printed-Kurta-872309.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in red coloured from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Red,PR534WA90QKJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurta-872311.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in multicoloured from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Multi,PR534WA88QKLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurta-872313.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in multicoloured from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Multi,PR534WA86QKNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Green-Printed-Kurta-872315.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in green coloured from the house of Prakhya. The half sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Green,PR534WA84QKPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-White-Printed-Kurta-872317.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in white coloured from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,White,PR534WA82QKRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Green-Embroidered-Kurta-872319.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in green coloured from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Green,PR534WA80QKTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Yellow-Embroidered-Kurta-872321.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in yellow coloured from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Yellow,PR534WA78QKVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-872323.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,PR534WA76QKXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Green-Embroidered-Kurta-872325.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Green,PR534WA74QKZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Orange-Embroidered-Kurta-872327.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Orange,PR534WA72QLBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Green-Printed-Kurta-872329.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Green,PR534WA70QLDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Pink-Printed-Kurta-872331.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,PR534WA68QLFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Red-Printed-Kurta-872333.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta in red coloured from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. The dupatta and salwar will further accentuate your ethnic look.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Red,PR534WA66QLHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Blue-Printed-Kurta-872335.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,PR534WA64QLJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Green-Embroidered-Kurta-872337.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Green,PR534WA62QLLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Green-Embroidered-Kurta-872339.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Green,PR534WA60QLNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-872341.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,PR534WA58QLPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-872343.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,PR534WA56QLRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Blue-Printed-Kurta-872345.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,PR534WA54QLTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-White-Printed-Kurta-872347.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,White,PR534WA52QLVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Green-Embroidered-Kurta-872349.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Green,PR534WA50QLXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-White-Green-Printed-Kurta-872351.html,Prakhya,,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Green,PR534WA48QLZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-White-Printed-Kurta-872353.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,White,PR534WA46QMBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-872355.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,PR534WA44QMDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-872357.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,PR534WA42QMFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/prakhya-Pink-Embroidered-Kurta-872359.html,Prakhya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Prakhya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,SEPERATE HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,PR534WA40QMHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Black-Jumpsuit-872805.html,MIAMINX,Jumpsuits are fashion must-haves for all the women. If you havent bought one yet then bag this black coloured jumpsuit from Miaminx. Made from polyester this jump suit is full-length,,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Black,MI863WA94RDLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Black-Top-872807.html,MIAMINX,Flaunt a no-fuss look wearing this black coloured topfrom the house of Miaminx. This topis designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality polyester fabric. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Black,MI863WA92RDNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Black-Dress-872809.html,MIAMINX,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing black coloured dressby Miaminx. Crafted from polyester it is light in weight and soft against your skin. Club it with platform heels to look astonishingly charming.,Maxi Dresses,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Black,MI863WA90RDPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Navy-Blue-Dress-872811.html,MIAMINX,Earn an all-access pass wearing this navy blue coloured maxi dressby Miaminx. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Maxi Dresses,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Navy Blue,MI863WA88RDRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Fuschia-Dress-872813.html,MIAMINX,Lustafter luster as you wear this dressfrom the house of Miaminx. Crafted from 100% polyester it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Maxi Dresses,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Fuchsia,MI863WA86RDTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Mustard-Yellow-Dress-872815.html,MIAMINX,Upgrade your staple look as you wear this mustard yellow coloured dressfrom the house of Miaminx. Made of premium quality 100% polyester this dressis high on comfort. Club it with platform heels to look astonishingly charming.,Shift Dresses,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Mustard Yellow,MI863WA84RDVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Purple-Dress-872817.html,MIAMINX,Melt the rainbow when you wear this purple coloured dressby Miaminx. Crafted from polyester fabric it is light in weight and soft against your skin. This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Maxi Dresses,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Purple,MI863WA82RDXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Navy-Blue-Dress-872819.html,MIAMINX,Shun the shackles of bygone fashion wearing this navy blue coloured dress from the house of Miaminx. Made of premium quality polyester this dressis high on comfort. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Skater Dresses,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Navy Blue,MI863WA80RDZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Black-Top-872821.html,MIAMINX,Flaunt your fearless and fabulous side as you wear this black coloured topfrom the house of Miaminx. Fashioned using polyester this topwill keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Black,MI863WA78REBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Red-Jumpsuit-872829.html,MIAMINX,Jumpsuits are a fashion must-have for all women. If you havent bought one yet then bag this red coloured floral print one from Miaminx. Made from polyester this jump suit is full-length it has a V-neck and it is sleeveless. You can team this trendy jumpsuit with shoes of your choice to look fabulous.,,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Red,MI863WA70REJINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Multi-Dress-872831.html,MIAMINX,Make the guys adore your sartorial elegance when you wear this multi coloured dressby Miaminx. This attractive dressis the flavour of the season and will give you a sassy look. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Maxi Dresses,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Multi,MI863WA68RELINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miaminx-Navy-Blue-Jumpsuit-872833.html,MIAMINX,Get this navy blue coloured jumpsuit for women from Miaminx for a relaxed and stylish weekend look. Made from polyester this relaxed-fit jumpsuit has 3/4th sleeves and a mandarin collar. You can pair this outfit with footwear of your choice and wear minimal makeup to complete your casual look.,,100% POLYESTER,Hand Wash Separately Do Not Tumble Dry Do Not Bleach Cool Iron If Needed  Dry In Shade,Relaxed,Navy Blue,MI863WA66RENINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-872835.html,Sringam,Look like a dream wearing yellow coloured kurta by Sringam. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,Dry Clean,Regular,Yellow,SR227WA64REPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Green-Embroidered-Kurta-872837.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Dry Clean,Regular,Green,SR227WA62RERINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Pink-Embroidered-Kurta-872839.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Dry Clean,Regular,Pink,SR227WA60RETINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Cream-Printed-Kurta-872841.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Dry Wash,Regular,Cream,SR227WA58REVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-White-Printed-Kurta-872843.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Dry Wash,Regular,White,SR227WA56REXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Pink-Embroidered-Kurta-872845.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Dry Wash,Regular,Pink,SR227WA54REZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Yellow-Printed-Kurta-872847.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,Yellow,SR227WA52RFBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Red-Printed-Kurta-872849.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,Red,SR227WA50RFDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Blue-Printed-Kurta-872851.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,Blue,SR227WA48RFFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Pink-Printed-Kurta-872853.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,Pink,SR227WA46RFHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Blue-Embroidered-Kurta-872857.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Dry Wash,Regular,Blue,SR227WA42RFLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Brown-Printed-Kurta-872859.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,Brown,SR227WA40RFNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Red-Solid-Kurta-872861.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,Red,SR227WA38RFPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/sringam-Cream-Printed-Kurta-872863.html,Sringam,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Sringam. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand Wash,Regular,Cream,SR227WA36RFRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Henley,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Cream-Embroidered-Lehengas-872865.html,Hypno Tex,Look gorgeous at the upcoming wedding party by wearing this multicoloured lehenga set by Hypnotex. This semi-stitched set comprises a lehenga a choli and a dupatta. Featuring traditional motifs and a soothing colour scheme this embroidered set will surely make you a showstopper. Made of georgette this set is also extremely skin friendly.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Cream,HY172WA34RFTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP BOTTOM AND DUPATTA,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Pink-Embroidered-Saree-872867.html,Hypno Tex,Look gorgeous like never before by draping this pink saree by Hypnotex. Featuring eye-catching embroidery and stone work this creation will surely make you a showstopper. Team this georgette saree with statement jewellery and high heels to look ravishing. It measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Pink,HY172WA32RFVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Blue-Embroidered-Saree-872869.html,Hypno Tex,Look gorgeous like never before by draping this blue saree by Hypnotex. Featuring eye-catching embroidery and stone work this creation will surely make you the showstopper. Team this georgette saree with statement jewellery and high heels to look ravishing. It measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Blue,HY172WA30RFXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Golden-Embroidered-Saree-872871.html,Hypno Tex,Enhance your traditional appearance by draping this golden coloured saree from Hypnotex. This pretty saree is designed beautifully and features an attractive lace border. The fine embroidery and stone work further add a glamorous touch to this creation. Made from jute cotton this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and perfect for special occasions. Moreover this saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Shimmer,gentle wash,,Golden,HY172WA28RFZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Viscose-Cream-Embroidered-Saree-872873.html,Hypno Tex,Look graceful like never before by draping this cream coloured saree by Hypnotex. Simple and classy in design it features a beautiful border. The striking embroidery and stone work further infuse more sophistication into this viscose saree. It measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Viscose,gentle wash,,Cream,HY172WA26RGBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Green-Embroidered-Saree-872875.html,Hypno Tex,Look graceful like never before by draping this saree by Hypnotex. Simple and classy in design it features a beautiful border for a more feminine effect. While the captivating pattern infuses more sophistication into this saree the georgette fabric makes it lightweight. This saree measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Green,HY172WA24RGDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Cream-Printed-Saree-872877.html,Hypno Tex,Enhance your traditional appearance by draping this cream coloured saree from Hypnotex. This pretty saree is designed beautifully and features an attractive digital print. The fine lace border further enhances its overall appeal and classy look. Made from georgette this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and perfect for special occasions. This saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Cream,HY172WA22RGFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Blue-Embroidered-Saree-872879.html,Hypno Tex,Enhance your traditional appearance by draping thissaree from Hypnotex. This pretty saree is designed beautifully and features an attractive stone work. The fine lace border further enhances its overall appeal and classy look. Made from georgette this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and perfect for special occasions. This saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Blue,HY172WA20RGHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Satin-Red-Embroidered-Saree-872881.html,Hypno Tex,Enhance your traditional appearance by draping this red coloured saree from Hypnotex. This pretty saree is designed beautifully and features an attractive design. The fine lace border featuring resham thread embroidery further enhances its overall appeal and classy look. Made from satin this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and perfect for special occasions. This saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,gentle wash,,Red,HY172WA18RGJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-And-Georgette-Beige-Embroidered-Saree-872887.html,Hypno Tex,Get a perfect hourglass figure that you always longed for by draping this cream coloured saree from Hypnotex. Featuring appealing resham thread embroidery and lace border this saree is an ideal pick for special occasions. Made from georgette and net this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and comfortable to wear all day long. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND GEORGETTE,gentle wash,,Beige,HY172WA12RGPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Maroon-Embroidered-Saree-872891.html,Hypno Tex,Get a perfect hourglass figure that you always longed for by draping this maroon coloured saree from Hypnotex. Featuring an appealing embroidered lace border this saree is an ideal pick for special occasions. Made from georgette this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and comfortable to wear all day long. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Maroon,HY172WA08RGTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Orange-Embroidered-Saree-872893.html,Hypno Tex,Get a perfect hourglass figure that you always longed for by draping this yellow coloured saree from Hypnotex. Featuring an appealing embroidered lace border this saree is an ideal pick for special occasions. Made from georgette this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and comfortable to wear all day long. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Orange,HY172WA06RGVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Cream-Embroidered-Saree-872895.html,Hypno Tex,The beautiful print on the pallu and lace border make thissaree from Hypnotex a unique pick for special occasion. Club this fabulous saree with golden heels and danglers to look absolutely stunning. Made from georgette this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and comfortable to wear. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Cream,HY172WA04RGXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Cream-Embroidered-Saree-872897.html,Hypno Tex,,,Net,gentle wash,,Cream,HY172WA02RGZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Viscose-Black-Embroidered-Saree-872899.html,Hypno Tex,The beautiful design and lace border make this black saree from Hypnotex a unique pick for special occasion. Club this fabulous saree with golden heels and danglers to look absolutely stunning. Made from viscose this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and comfortable to wear. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Viscose,gentle wash,,Black,HY172WA00RHBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Maroon-Embroidered-Saree-872901.html,Hypno Tex,Wear this maroon coloured saree from Hypnotex at the upcoming special occasion and let all the eyes follow you. This gorgeous saree features an elegantly designed lace border and resham thread embroidery to add grace to its overall look. Made from georgette this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and has a great fall. This pretty saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Maroon,HY172WA98RHDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Beige-Embroidered-Saree-872903.html,Hypno Tex,Enhance your traditional appearance by draping this cream coloured saree from Hypnotex. This pretty saree is designed beautifully and features an attractive lace border. The fine embroidery and stone work further add a glamorous touch to this creation. Made from jute cotton this 5.5 m saree is light in weight and perfect for special occasions. Moreover this saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Shimmer,gentle wash,,Beige,HY172WA96RHFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-And-Jacquard-Orange-Embroidered-Saree-872905.html,Hypno Tex,Hypnotex presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look absolutely stunning. Made of net and georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and long-lasting too. The resham embroidery gives this saree a classy look. This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,gentle wash,,Orange,HY172WA94RHHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Yellow-Embroidered-Saree-872907.html,Hypno Tex,Look stunning at an upcoming family wedding wearing this yellow coloured saree from Hypnotex. The beautiful zari work stone work and the resham embroidery make this saree absolutely amazing. Made from net this 5.5 m saree is lightweight and easy to drape. The lace border will further spruce up your ethnic look for the day. This saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,gentle wash,,Yellow,HY172WA92RHJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Viscose-Pink-Embroidered-Saree-872909.html,Hypno Tex,Hypnotex offers this pink coloured saree that will be a stylish pick for fashionable women. Beautifully embroidered this 5.5 m saree will lend you a look worth flaunting. Made from viscose this saree is lightweight and will help you accentuate your curves. Designed to perfection this saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse and can be best teamed with matching danglers.,,Viscose,gentle wash,,Pink,HY172WA90RHLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Black-Embroidered-Saree-872911.html,Hypno Tex,Make a stylish addition to your ethnic wear collection with this black coloured saree from Hypnotex. The beautiful resham embroidery zari work and the stone work make this 5.5 m saree a true value for money. Designed to impress fashionable women this net saree will surely get you noticed at an upcoming party. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,gentle wash,,Black,HY172WA88RHNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Yellow-Embroidered-Saree-872913.html,Hypno Tex,Stand out in the crowd and look stunning wearing this yellow coloured saree from Hypnotex. Featuring stone work resham embroidery zari work and the lace border this designer saree will help you make a distinct style statement. Made from net this 5.5 m saree is lightweight and easy to drape. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece and can be best teamed with heavy danglers.,,Net,gentle wash,,Yellow,HY172WA86RHPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Green-Embroidered-Saree-872915.html,Hypno Tex,Stand out in the crowd and look stunning wearing this green coloured saree from Hypnotex. Featuring stone work resham embroidery zari work and the lace border this designer saree will help you make a distinct style statement. Made from net this 5.5 m saree is lightweight and easy to drape. It comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece and can be best teamed with heavy danglers.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Green,HY172WA84RHRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Georgette-Brown-Embroidered-Saree-872917.html,Hypno Tex,Its your pre-wedding bash and you just cannot afford to look simple. Get noticed for your fine taste in ethnic clothing as you wear this brown coloured saree from Hypnotex. The broad border featuring resham embroidery and the stone work enhances the overall appeal of this 5.5 m saree. Featuring an amazing field with beautiful embroidery this saree is worth investing in. This georgette saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,gentle wash,,Brown,HY172WA82RHTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Yellow-Embroidered-Saree-872919.html,Hypno Tex,,,Net,gentle wash,,Yellow,HY172WA80RHVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Red-Embroidered-Saree-872921.html,Hypno Tex,Get noticed at your best friends wedding wearing this red coloured saree from Hypnotex. The beautifully designed field and the border are the main highlights of this net saree. Easy to drape and lightweight this saree is worth investing in. It measures 5.5 m and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,gentle wash,,Red,HY172WA78RHXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Net-Black-Embroidered-Saree-872923.html,Hypno Tex,Get noticed at your best friends wedding wearing this black coloured saree from Hypnotex. The beautifully designed field and the border are the main highlights of this net saree. Easy to drape and lightweight this saree is worth investing in. It measures 5.5 m and comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,gentle wash,,Black,HY172WA76RHZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/hypno-tex-Viscose-Maroon-Embroidered-Saree-872927.html,Hypno Tex,Its your pre-wedding bash and you just cannot afford to look simple. Get noticed for your fine taste in ethnic clothing as you wear this maroon coloured saree from Hypnotex. The broad border featuring resham embroidery and the stone work enhances the overall appeal of this 5.5 m saree. Featuring an amazing field with beautiful embroidery this saree is worth investing in. This viscose saree comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Viscose,gentle wash,,Maroon,HY172WA72RIDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Pink-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873521.html,Riya,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing pink coloured kurta by Riya. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,RI223WA78SEZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Peach-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873523.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Peach,RI223WA76SFBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Hip Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Black-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873525.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,RI223WA74SFDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Black-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873527.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,RI223WA72SFFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Yellow-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873529.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Yellow,RI223WA70SFHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Blue-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873531.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,RI223WA68SFJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Pink-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873533.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,RI223WA66SFLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Green-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873535.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Green,RI223WA64SFNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Pink-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873537.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,RI223WA62SFPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Pink-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873539.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,RI223WA60SFRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Yellow-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873541.html,Riya,Look like a dream wearing yellow coloured kurta by Riya. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft silk fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Silk,HAND WASH,Regular,Yellow,RI223WA58SFTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Maroon-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873543.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from silk which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Silk,HAND WASH,Regular,Maroon,RI223WA56SFVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Hip Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873545.html,Riya,Look like a dream wearing multicoloured kurta by Riya. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft chiffon fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Chiffon,HAND WASH,Regular,Multi,RI223WA54SFXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873547.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from chiffon which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Chiffon,HAND WASH,Regular,Multi,RI223WA52SFZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Black-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873549.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,RI223WA50SGBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Black-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873551.html,Riya,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing black coloured kurta by Riya. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,RI223WA48SGDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Black-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873553.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,RI223WA46SGFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873555.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Multi,RI223WA44SGHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Pink-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873557.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,RI223WA42SGJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Pink-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873559.html,Riya,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing pink coloured kurta by Riya. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,RI223WA40SGLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Maroon-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873561.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Maroon,RI223WA38SGNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Green-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873563.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Green,RI223WA36SGPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Hip Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Black-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873565.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,RI223WA34SGRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Black-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873567.html,Riya,Look like a dream as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,RI223WA32SGTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Orange-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873569.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Orange,RI223WA30SGVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Blue-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873571.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Blue,RI223WA28SGXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Black-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873573.html,Riya,Look like a dream wearing black coloured kurta by Riya. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,RI223WA26SGZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Square neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Pink-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873575.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from silk which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Silk,HAND WASH,Regular,Pink,RI223WA24SHBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Maroon-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873577.html,Riya,Jet from casual to conservative & vice-versa with ease as you wear this kurta from the house of Riya. The 3/4th sleeve kurta is made from cotton which ensures complete comfort and breathability to the wearer. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Maroon,RI223WA22SHDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Red-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873579.html,Riya,Look like a dream wearing red coloured kurta by Riya. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Red,RI223WA20SHFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Boat Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Black-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873581.html,Riya,Look like a dream wearing black coloured kurta by Riya. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Black,RI223WA18SHHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Square neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Purple-Embroidered-Kurti-Kurta-873583.html,Riya,Look like a dream wearing purple coloured kurta by Riya. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Purple,RI223WA16SHJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Square neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/riya-Green-Printed-Kurti-Kurta-873585.html,Riya,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing green coloured kurta by Riya. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,HAND WASH,Regular,Green,RI223WA14SHLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,KURTI,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Solid-Black-Kurta-873587.html,Kira,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Kira. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash separately in cold water.Do not bleach.Dry in shade.,Regular,Black,KI666WA12SHNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Solid-Black-Kurta-873589.html,Kira,Look like a dream wearing black coloured kurta by Kira. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash separately in cold water.Do not bleach.Dry in shade.,Regular,Black,KI666WA10SHPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Solid-Mustard-Yellow-Kurta-873591.html,Kira,Look like a dream wearing mustard yellow coloured kurta by Kira. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash separately in cold water.Do not bleach.Dry in shade.,Regular,Mustard Yellow,KI666WA08SHRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Printed-White-Kurta-873595.html,Kira,Look like a dream wearing white coloured kurta by Kira. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash separately in cold water.Do not bleach.Dry in shade.,Regular,White,KI666WA04SHVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Solid-Black-Kurta-873597.html,Kira,Look like a dream wearing black coloured kurta by Kira. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash separately in cold water.Do not bleach.Dry in shade.,Regular,Black,KI666WA02SHXINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Solid-Black-Kurta-873599.html,Kira,Look like a dream wearing black coloured kurta by Kira. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash separately in cold water.Do not bleach.Dry in shade.,Regular,Black,KI666WA00SHZINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Solid-Maroon-Kurta-873601.html,Kira,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Kira. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft georgette will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,Hand wash separately in cold water.Do not bleach.Dry in shade.,Regular,Maroon,KI666WA98SIBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Solid-Maroon-Kurta-873603.html,Kira,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Kira. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft georgette will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Georgette,Hand wash separately in cold water.Do not bleach.Dry in shade.,Regular,Maroon,KI666WA96SIDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Printed-Off-White-Kurta-873605.html,Kira,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Kira. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft chanderi will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,CHANDERI,DRY CLEAN,Regular,Off White,KI666WA94SIFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Printed-Blue-Kurta-873607.html,Kira,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Kira. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft cotton will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Cotton,Hand wash separately in cold water.Do not bleach.Dry in shade.,Regular,Blue,KI666WA92SIHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/kira-Solid-Beige-Kurta-873609.html,Kira,Flaunt sartorial elegance as you wear this kurta from the house of Kira. Exclusively designed this kurta with regular fit will enhance your curves and soft jute will keep you comfortable. This attractivekurta will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurta,Jute,DRY CLEAN,Regular,Beige,KI666WA90SIJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Blue-Legging-873611.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these blue coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Blue,27325WA88SILINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Black-Legging-873613.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these black coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Black,27325WA86SININDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Grey-Legging-873615.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these grey coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Grey,27325WA84SIPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Red-Legging-873617.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these red coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Red,27325WA82SIRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Pink-Legging-873619.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these pink coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Pink,27325WA80SITINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Pink-Legging-873621.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these pink coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Pink,27325WA78SIVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Lilac-Legging-873623.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these lalic coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Lilac,27325WA76SIXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Green-Legging-873627.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these green coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Green,27325WA72SJBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Blue-Legging-873629.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these blue coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Blue,27325WA70SJDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Pink-Legging-873631.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these pink coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Pink,27325WA68SJFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Coffee-Legging-873633.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with thesecoffeecoloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Coffee,27325WA66SJHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Brown-Legging-873635.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these brown coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Brown,27325WA64SJJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Pink-Legging-873637.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these pink coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Pink,27325WA62SJLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Off-White-Legging-873639.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these off white coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Off White,27325WA60SJNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Multi-Legging-873641.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these multi coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Multi,27325WA58SJPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Yellow-Legging-873643.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these yellow coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Yellow,27325WA56SJRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Black-Legging-873645.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these black coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Black,27325WA54SJTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Silver-Legging-873647.html,27Ashwood,Get set to team your trendiest tops with these silver coloured leggings from 27Ashwood. The attractive print accentuates The visual appeal of these regular-fit leggings while The cotton blend fabric assures stretchable comfort all day long.,,COTTON BLEND,,Regular,Silver,27325WA52SJVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Yellow-Top-873655.html,27Ashwood,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of 27Ashwood. Made from cotton this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,,Regular,Yellow,27325WA44SKDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Green-Top-873657.html,27Ashwood,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of 27Ashwood. Made from cotton this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,,Regular,Green,27325WA42SKFINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Red-Top-873661.html,27Ashwood,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of 27Ashwood. Made from cotton this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Cotton,,Regular,Red,27325WA38SKJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/27ashwood-Printed-Blue-Top-873663.html,27Ashwood,Keep your look lively wearing this blue coloured top from the house of 27Ashwood. This top is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality cotton. Designed to perfection this classy top will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,Blouses,Cotton,,Regular,Blue,27325WA36SKLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Solid-Blue-Jegging-873665.html,American Swan,Be in tune with the ongoing trends this season by buying these blue coloured jeggings from American Swan. These slim-fit jeggings will fit you like a glove and lend you such comfort that you will wish to keep them on longer due to their cotton blend fabric. Team these with a cute top for acasual look.,,COTTON BLEND,,Slim,Blue,AM673WA34SKNINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Solid-Blue-Jegging-873667.html,American Swan,Perfect your off-duty style this season with these blue jeggings from American Swan. Designed in slim fit these jeggings offer lightweight comfort too courtesy the cotton blend fabric.,,COTTON BLEND,,Slim,Blue,AM673WA32SKPINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Solid-Pink-Chinos-873669.html,American Swan,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing these chinos by American Swan. Stitched to perfection these trousers will give you a smart look when teamed with a formal pleated shirt. Pair these trousers with a black coloured shirt and high heels for a stunning look.,Chinos,COTTON BLEND,,Slim,Pink,AM673WA30SKRINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Striped-Maroon-T-Shirt-873671.html,American Swan,Be in tune with ongoing trends this season by buying this maroon coloured T-shirt for women from American Swan. This full-sleeve slim-fit T-shirt will blend well with your curves and add a dash of vibrancy to your look owing to its multicoloured horizontal stripe print. Made from cotton blend it will lend you a comfortable fit. It presents an ideal optionthat you canwear on a casual day with a pair of blue jeans.,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,,Slim,Maroon,AM673WA28SKTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Solid-Yellow-T-Shirt-873673.html,American Swan,Be in tune with ongoing trends this season by buying this yellow coloured T-shirt for women from American Swan. This full-sleeve slim-fit T-shirt will blend well with your curves and add a dash of vibrancy to your look. Made from cotton it will lend you a comfortable fit. It presents an ideal optionthat you canwear on a casual day with a pair of blue jeans to look trendy.,Round Neck,Cotton,,Slim,Yellow,AM673WA26SKVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/american-swan-Solid-Cream-T-Shirt-873675.html,American Swan,The next time you step out with friends for a weekend outing make sure you look your stylish best wearing this cream coloured T-shirt for women by American Swan. Exhibiting an attractive print on the sleeves this slim-fit T-shirt is made from soft cotton fabric. Team this T-shirt with jeans for a perfect look.,Round Neck,Cotton,,Slim,Cream,AM673WA24SKXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/pluss-Black-Trousers-873679.html,Pluss,Make the guys forget the world wearing these trousers by Pluss. Designed for fashion-forward women these pants will become one of your favourites this season.,,Denim,NORMAL WASH,Regular,Black,PL299WA20SLBINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-873683.html,I Know,Pull together a chic look wearing this pink coloured dress from the house of I Know. Crafted from polyster it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,Regular,Pink,IK593WA16SLFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Peach-Dress-873685.html,I Know,Pull together a chic look wearing this peach coloured dress from the house of I Know. Crafted from polyster it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,Regular,Peach,IK593WA14SLHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Black-Dress-873687.html,I Know,Pull together a chic look wearing this black coloured dress from the house of I Know. Crafted from polyster it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA12SLJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embellished-Black-Dress-873691.html,I Know,Pull together a chic look wearing this black coloured dress from the house of I Know. Crafted from polyster it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA08SLNINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Black-Dress-873693.html,I Know,Pull together a chic look wearing this black coloured dress from the house of I Know. Crafted from polyster it will keep you comfortable throughout the party. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA06SLPINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-White-Solid-Winter-Jackets-873697.html,I Know,Show-off your amazing choice by getting this white coloured winter jacket for women from I Know. This regular-fit jacket crafted from polyster will keep you warm and healthy throughout the day. Enhance your style quotient by teaming this jacket over a pair of skinny-fit trousers along with sneakers to flaunt a stylish look.,Jackets,Polyester,,Regular,White,IK593WA02SLTINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Cream-Solid-Winter-Jackets-873699.html,I Know,Show-off your amazing choice by getting this cream coloured winter jacket for women from I Know. This regular-fit jacket crafted from polyster will keep you warm and healthy throughout the day. Enhance your style quotient by teaming this jacket over a pair of skinny-fit trousers along with sneakers to flaunt a stylish look.,Jackets,Polyester,,Regular,Cream,IK593WA00SLVINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-White-Top-873701.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing white coloured top by I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,White,IK593WA98SLXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Peach-Top-873703.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing peach coloured top by I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Peach,IK593WA96SLZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Pink-Top-873705.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Pink,IK593WA94SMBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Black-Top-873707.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing black coloured top by I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA92SMDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-White-Top-873709.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing white coloured top by I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,White,IK593WA90SMFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-White-Top-873711.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing white coloured top by I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,White,IK593WA88SMHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Black-Top-873715.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing black coloured top by I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA84SMLINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Black-Top-873719.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing black coloured top by I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA80SMPINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Peach-Top-873721.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing peach coloured top by I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Peach,IK593WA78SMRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Pink-Top-873723.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Pink,IK593WA76SMTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Black-Top-873725.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA74SMVINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-White-Top-873727.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,White,IK593WA72SMXINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Peach-Top-873729.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Peach,IK593WA70SMZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Beige-Top-873731.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Beige,IK593WA68SNBINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Navy-Blue-Top-873733.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Navy Blue,IK593WA66SNDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Grey-Top-873735.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Grey,IK593WA64SNFINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Orange-Top-873737.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Orange,IK593WA62SNHINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-White-Top-873739.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,White,IK593WA60SNJINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Black-Top-873741.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA58SNLINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Blue-Top-873743.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Blue,IK593WA56SNNINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Pink-Top-873745.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Pink,IK593WA54SNPINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Blue-Top-873747.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Blue,IK593WA52SNRINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Blue-Top-873749.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Blue,IK593WA50SNTINDFAS,Puff Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Yellow-Top-873751.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Yellow,IK593WA48SNVINDFAS,Puff Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Peach-Top-873753.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Peach,IK593WA46SNXINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Blue-Top-873755.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Blue,IK593WA44SNZINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Red-Top-873757.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Red,IK593WA42SOBINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Blue-Top-873759.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Blue,IK593WA40SODINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Orange-Top-873761.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Orange,IK593WA38SOFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Black-Top-873763.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA36SOHINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-White-Top-873765.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,White,IK593WA34SOJINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-White-Top-873767.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,White,IK593WA32SOLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Cream-Top-873769.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Cream,IK593WA30SONINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Black-Top-873771.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA28SOPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Stripes-Blue-Top-873773.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Blue,IK593WA26SORINDFAS,,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Stripes-Navy-Blue-Top-873775.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Navy Blue,IK593WA24SOTINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Printed-Red-Top-873777.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Red,IK593WA22SOVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Stripes-Black-Top-873779.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA20SOXINDFAS,,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Stripes-Pink-Top-873781.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Pink,IK593WA18SOZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Printed-Black-Top-873783.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA16SPBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Printed-Navy-Blue-Top-873785.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Navy Blue,IK593WA14SPDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Printed-Pink-Top-873787.html,I Know,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made of premium quality polyster this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Pink,IK593WA12SPFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Printed-Red-Top-873789.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Red,IK593WA10SPHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Printed-Blue-Top-873791.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Blue,IK593WA08SPJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Cream-Top-873793.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing cream coloured top by I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Cream,IK593WA06SPLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Green-Top-873795.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing green coloured top by I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Green,IK593WA04SPNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embellished-Navy-Blue-Top-873797.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Navy Blue,IK593WA02SPPINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Solid-Black-Top-873799.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Black,IK593WA00SPRINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Pink-Top-873801.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing pink coloured top by I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Pink,IK593WA98SPTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Green-Top-873803.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing green coloured top by I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Green,IK593WA96SPVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Cream-Top-873805.html,I Know,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing cream coloured top by I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Cream,IK593WA94SPXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/i-know-Embroidered-Peach-Top-873807.html,I Know,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear this top from the house of I Know. Made from polyster this regular fit top will keep you comfortable in summers. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching leggings and sandals.,Blouses,Polyester,,Regular,Peach,IK593WA92SPZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Blue-Top-873809.html,La Arista,Your savoir faire will be highlighted as you wear this top from the house of La Arista. Made of premium quality polyester this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Polyester,,,Blue,AR417WA90SQBINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Black-Top-873811.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this black coloured top by La Arista. Made from polyester this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,,Black,AR417WA88SQDINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Blue-Top-873813.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this blue coloured top by La Arista. Made from polyester this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,,Blue,AR417WA86SQFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Off-White-Top-873815.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this off white coloured top by La Arista. Made from polyester this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,,Off White,AR417WA84SQHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Pink-Top-873817.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this pink coloured top by La Arista. Made from polyester this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,,Pink,AR417WA82SQJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Green-Top-873819.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this green coloured top by La Arista. Made from cotton this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Green,AR417WA80SQLINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Blue-Top-873821.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this blue coloured top by La Arista. Made from cotton this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Blue,AR417WA78SQNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Multi-Color-Top-873823.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this multicoloured top by La Arista. Made from cotton this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Multi,AR417WA76SQPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Purple-Top-873825.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this purple coloured top by La Arista. Made from polyester this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,,Purple,AR417WA74SQRINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Brown-Top-873827.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this brown coloured top by La Arista. Made from polyester this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,,Brown,AR417WA72SQTINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Black-Top-873829.html,La Arista,Dress up your summer sensibility when you wear this black coloured top by La Arista. Made from polyester this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Polyester,,,Black,AR417WA70SQVINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Olive-Top-873831.html,La Arista,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing olive coloured top by La Arista. Made from cotton this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Olive,AR417WA68SQXINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Grey-Top-873833.html,La Arista,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing grey coloured top by La Arista. Made from cotton this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Grey,AR417WA66SQZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Black-Dress-873835.html,La Arista,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by La Arista. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,,Black,AR417WA64SRBINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Peach-Dress-873837.html,La Arista,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by La Arista. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,,Peach,AR417WA62SRDINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Purple-Dress-873841.html,La Arista,Pull together a chic look wearing dress by La Arista. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,,Purple,AR417WA58SRHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Multi-Color-Dress-873843.html,La Arista,Stow away your old stuff wearing this multicoloured dress from the house of La Arista. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,,Multi,AR417WA56SRJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Blue-Dress-873845.html,La Arista,Stow away your old stuff wearing this blue coloured dress from the house of La Arista. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,,Blue,AR417WA54SRLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Peach-Dress-873847.html,La Arista,Stow away your old stuff wearing this peach coloured dress from the house of La Arista. Tailored in regular fit this dress will keep you comfortable all day long. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,,Peach,AR417WA52SRNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Black-Top-873849.html,La Arista,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing black coloured top by La Arista. Made from viscose this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Viscose,,,Black,AR417WA50SRPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Peach-Top-873851.html,La Arista,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing peach coloured top by La Arista. Made from viscose this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Viscose,,,Peach,AR417WA48SRRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Yellow-Top-873853.html,La Arista,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing yellow coloured top by La Arista. Made from viscose this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Viscose,,,Yellow,AR417WA46SRTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Yellow-Top-873855.html,La Arista,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing yellow coloured top by La Arista. Made from viscose this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Viscose,,,Yellow,AR417WA44SRVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Printed-Black-Top-873857.html,La Arista,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing black coloured top by La Arista. Made from cotton this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Black,AR417WA42SRXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Green-Top-873859.html,La Arista,Get in touch with your feminine side wearing green coloured top by La Arista. Made from cotton this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. This top can be paired with basic blue coloured jeans and sneakers.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Green,AR417WA40SRZINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Blue-Top-873861.html,La Arista,Double your fashion flair when you wear this blue coloured top by La Arista. Made from cotton this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Blue,AR417WA38SSBINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Green-Top-873863.html,La Arista,Double your fashion flair when you wear this green coloured top by La Arista. Made from viscose this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Viscose,,,Green,AR417WA36SSDINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Blue-Top-873865.html,La Arista,Double your fashion flair when you wear this blue coloured top by La Arista. Made from viscose this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Viscose,,,Blue,AR417WA34SSFINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Red-Top-873867.html,La Arista,Double your fashion flair when you wear this red coloured top by La Arista. Made from viscose this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Viscose,,,Red,AR417WA32SSHINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Black-Top-873869.html,La Arista,Double your fashion flair when you wear this black coloured top by La Arista. Made from viscose this  top will keep you comfortable in summers. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Viscose,,,Black,AR417WA30SSJINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Blue-Sweatshirt-873871.html,La Arista,The next time you have to step out with friends on a chilly evening make sure you look your stylish best wearing this blue coloured sweatshirt from La Arista. Besides being visually appealing this regular-fit sweatshirt is comfortable and warm too courtesy its cotton fabric.,,Cotton,,,Blue,AR417WA28SSLINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/arista-Solid-Pink-Shirt-873873.html,La Arista,Double your fashion flair wearing this pink coloured shirt from the house of La Arista. Fashioned using cotton this shirt will keep you at comfort all day long. Designed to perfection this classy shirt will look great when clubbed with trousers and black pumps.,,Cotton,,,Pink,AR417WA26SSNINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/svarikaa-Orange-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-873949.html,Svarikaa,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing this orange coloured suit set from the house of Svarikaa. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Georgette,,,Orange,SV148WA50SVLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOPCHUDIDARDUPATTAS,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/svarikaa-Maroon-Embroidered-Kurta-Churidar-Set-873951.html,Svarikaa,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing this maroon coloured suit set from the house of Svarikaa. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Kurta Churidar Set,Cotton,,,Maroon,SV148WA48SVNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOPCHUDIDAR,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/svarikaa-Black-Embroidered-Kurta-Churidar-Set-873953.html,Svarikaa,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing this black coloured suit set from the house of Svarikaa. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Kurta Churidar Set,Georgette,,,Black,SV148WA46SVPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOPCHUDIDAR,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/svarikaa-Maroon-Embroidered-Kurta-Churidar-Set-873955.html,Svarikaa,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing this maroon coloured suit set from the house of Svarikaa. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Kurta Churidar Set,Georgette,,,Maroon,SV148WA44SVRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOPCHUDIDARDUPATTAS,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/svarikaa-Maroon-Embroidered-Kurta-Churidar-Set-873957.html,Svarikaa,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing this maroon coloured suit set from the house of Svarikaa. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Kurta Churidar Set,Georgette,,,Maroon,SV148WA42SVTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOPCHUDIDARDUPATTAS,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/svarikaa-Maroon-Embroidered-Kurta-Churidar-Set-873959.html,Svarikaa,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing this maroon coloured suit set from the house of Svarikaa. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Kurta Churidar Set,Georgette,,,Maroon,SV148WA40SVVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOPCHUDIDARDUPATTAS,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/svarikaa-Yellow-Embroidered-Kurta-Patiala-Set-873961.html,Svarikaa,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing this yellow coloured suit set from the house of Svarikaa. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Kurta Patiala Set,Silk,,,Yellow,SV148WA38SVXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOP PANTS,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/svarikaa-Pink-Printed-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-873963.html,Svarikaa,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing this pink coloured suit set from the house of Svarikaa. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Cotton,,,Pink,SV148WA36SVZINDFAS,,,,Printed,TOPCHUDIDARDUPATTAS,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/svarikaa-Off-White-Embroidered-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-873965.html,Svarikaa,Enhance your ethnic charm by wearing this off white coloured suit set from the house of Svarikaa. Tailored in regular fit this suit set will keep you comfortable all day long. Its unique design and beautiful colour will fetch a lot of second glances as you club it with contrast coloured pumps and flashy accessory.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Georgette,,,Off White,SV148WA34SWBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,TOPCHUDIDARDUPATTAS,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Embellished-Orange-Lehengas-873967.html,Touch Trends,Graceful and gorgeous this orange coloured dress material for women from the house of Touch Trends is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention. Tassels are not a part of the product.,,Georgette,,,Orange,TO681WA32SWDINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,Designer Lehenga Choli & Duppatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Embellished-Green-Lehengas-873969.html,Touch Trends,Graceful and gorgeous this green coloured dress material for women from the house of Touch Trends is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention. Tassels are not a part of the product.,,Georgette,,,Green,TO681WA30SWFINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,Designer Lehenga Choli & Duppatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/touch-trends-Embellished-Blue-Lehengas-873971.html,Touch Trends,Graceful and gorgeous this blue coloured dress material for women from the house of Touch Trends is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention. Tassels are not a part of the product.,,Georgette,,,Blue,TO681WA28SWHINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,Designer Lehenga Choli & Duppatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Cream-Dress-Material-873973.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this cream coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Cream,IN101WA26SWJINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Green-Dress-Material-873975.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this green coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Green,IN101WA24SWLINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Black-Dress-Material-873977.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this black coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Black,IN101WA22SWNINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Pink-Dress-Material-873979.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this pink coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Pink,IN101WA20SWPINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Yellow-Dress-Material-873981.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this yellow coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Yellow,IN101WA18SWRINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Peach-Dress-Material-873983.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this peach coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Peach,IN101WA16SWTINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Blue-Dress-Material-873985.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this blue coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Blue,IN101WA14SWVINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Red-Dress-Material-873987.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this red coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Red,IN101WA12SWXINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top 2. Bottom 3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-873989.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this pink coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Pink,IN101WA10SWZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Cream-Dress-Material-873991.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this cream coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Cream,IN101WA08SXBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Blue-Dress-Material-873993.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this blue coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Blue,IN101WA06SXDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Green-Dress-Material-873995.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this green coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Green,IN101WA04SXFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-873997.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this pink coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Pink,IN101WA02SXHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Green-Dress-Material-873999.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this green coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Green,IN101WA00SXJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Cream-Dress-Material-874001.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this cream coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Cream,IN101WA98SXLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-874003.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this pink coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Pink,IN101WA96SXNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Dark-Grey-Dress-Material-874005.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this dark grey coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Dark Grey,IN101WA94SXPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-White-Dress-Material-874007.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this white coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,White,IN101WA92SXRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-874009.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this pink coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,Pink,IN101WA90SXTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-White-Dress-Material-874011.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this white coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from cotton this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Cotton,,,White,IN101WA88SXVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Red-Dress-Material-874013.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this red coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Red,IN101WA86SXXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta  4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Grey-Dress-Material-874015.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this grey coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Grey,IN101WA84SXZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta  4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-874017.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this pink coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Pink,IN101WA82SYBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta  4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Purple-Dress-Material-874019.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this purple coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Purple,IN101WA80SYDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta  4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Yellow-Dress-Material-874021.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this yellow coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Yellow,IN101WA78SYFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta  4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Blue-Dress-Material-874023.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this blue coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Blue,IN101WA76SYHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta  4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-White-Dress-Material-874025.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this white coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,White,IN101WA74SYJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta  4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Multi-Color-Saree-874027.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this multicoloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Multi,IN101WA72SYLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Red-Saree-874029.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Red,IN101WA70SYNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Green-Saree-874031.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Green,IN101WA68SYPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874033.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA66SYRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Off-White-Saree-874035.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this off white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Off White,IN101WA64SYTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874037.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA62SYVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874039.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA60SYXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874041.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA58SYZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874043.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA56SZBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Red-Saree-874045.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Red,IN101WA54SZDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Yellow-Saree-874047.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Yellow,IN101WA52SZFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874049.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA50SZHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874051.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA48SZJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874053.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA46SZLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Off-White-Saree-874055.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this off white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Off White,IN101WA44SZNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Off-White-Saree-874057.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this off white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Off White,IN101WA42SZPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Red-Saree-874059.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Red,IN101WA40SZRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874063.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA36SZVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874065.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA34SZXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Cream-Saree-874067.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Cream,IN101WA32SZZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Beige-Saree-874069.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this beige coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Beige,IN101WA30TABINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Red-Saree-874071.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Red,IN101WA28TADINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Pink-Saree-874073.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Pink,IN101WA26TAFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Yellow-Saree-874075.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Yellow,IN101WA24TAHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Pink-Saree-874077.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Pink,IN101WA22TAJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Grey-Saree-874079.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Grey,IN101WA20TALINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Printed-Grey-Saree-874081.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and jacquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND JACQUARD,,,Grey,IN101WA18TANINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Black-Dress-Material-874083.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this black coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Black,IN101WA16TAPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-874085.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this pink coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Pink,IN101WA14TARINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Cream-Dress-Material-874087.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this cream coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Cream,IN101WA12TATINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Blue-Dress-Material-874089.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this blue coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Blue,IN101WA10TAVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Yellow-Dress-Material-874091.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this yellow coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Yellow,IN101WA08TAXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-874093.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this pink coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Pink,IN101WA06TAZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Blue-Dress-Material-874095.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this blue coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Blue,IN101WA04TBBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Red-Dress-Material-874097.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this red coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Red,IN101WA02TBDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Blue-Dress-Material-874099.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this blue coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Blue,IN101WA00TBFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Orange-Dress-Material-874101.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this orange coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Orange,IN101WA98TBHINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta  4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Blue-Dress-Material-874103.html,Inddus,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this blue coloured dress material from Inddus will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (2.50 m) inner (2.50 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.50 m).,,Georgette,,,Blue,IN101WA96TBJINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta  4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Green-Saree-874105.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jute this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jute,,,Green,IN101WA94TBLINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Pink-Saree-874109.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,,,Pink,IN101WA90TBPINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Pink-Saree-874111.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of silk blend this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,SILK BLEND,,,Pink,IN101WA88TBRINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Red-Saree-874113.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND GEORGETTE,,,Red,IN101WA86TBTINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Black-Saree-874115.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of net and georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,NET AND GEORGETTE,,,Black,IN101WA84TBVINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Green-Saree-874117.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,,,Green,IN101WA82TBXINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Pink-Saree-874119.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,,,Pink,IN101WA80TBZINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Green-Saree-874121.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,,,Green,IN101WA78TCBINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Pink-Saree-874123.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jute this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jute,,,Pink,IN101WA76TCDINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Brown-Saree-874125.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this brown coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jute this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jute,,,Brown,IN101WA74TCFINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Pink-Saree-874127.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,,,Pink,IN101WA72TCHINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Orange-Saree-874129.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,,,Orange,IN101WA70TCJINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Beige-Saree-874131.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this beige coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,,,Beige,IN101WA68TCLINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Black-Saree-874133.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,,,Black,IN101WA66TCNINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Blue-Saree-874135.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,,,Blue,IN101WA64TCPINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Yellow-Saree-874137.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,,,Yellow,IN101WA62TCRINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embellished-Orange-Saree-874139.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,,,Orange,IN101WA60TCTINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Green-Dress-Material-874141.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this green coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Green,IN101WA58TCVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Purple-Dress-Material-874143.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this purple coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Purple,IN101WA56TCXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Cream-Dress-Material-874145.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this cream coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Cream,IN101WA54TCZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Red-Dress-Material-874147.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this red coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Red,IN101WA52TDBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Green-Dress-Material-874149.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this green coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Green,IN101WA50TDDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-874151.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this pink coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Pink,IN101WA48TDFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Green-Dress-Material-874153.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this green coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Green,IN101WA46TDHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Blue-Dress-Material-874155.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this blue coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Blue,IN101WA44TDJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Red-Dress-Material-874157.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this red coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Red,IN101WA42TDLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Green-Dress-Material-874159.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this green coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Green,IN101WA40TDNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Peach-Dress-Material-874161.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this peach coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Peach,IN101WA38TDPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Multi-Dress-Material-874163.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this multicoloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Multi,IN101WA36TDRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Embroidered-Black-Dress-Material-874165.html,Inddus,To complement your elegant look Inddus presents this black coloured dress material. The attractive print all over the top  makes this dress material hard to resist. Featuring an eye-catching colour combination this dress material will surely add more charm to your femininity. Made from georgette this dress material comprises a 2.50 m top 2.50 m bottom and a 2.50 m dupatta.,,Georgette,,,Black,IN101WA34TDTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Top  2. Bottom  3. Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Green-Dress-Material-874169.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this green coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Green,VI266WA30TDXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Blue-Dress-Material-874175.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this blue coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Blue,VI266WA24TEDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Light-Blue-Dress-Material-874181.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this light blue coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Light Blue,VI266WA18TEJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Orange-Dress-Material-874183.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this orange coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Orange,VI266WA16TELINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Black-Dress-Material-874185.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this black coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Black,VI266WA14TENINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-874187.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this pink coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Pink,VI266WA12TEPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Brown-Dress-Material-874191.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this brown coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from net this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Net,,,Brown,VI266WA08TETINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Beige-Dress-Material-874193.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this beige coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from net this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Net,,,Beige,VI266WA06TEVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Off-White-Dress-Material-874195.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this off white coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Off White,VI266WA04TEXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Purple-Dress-Material-874199.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this purple coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from velvet this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Velvet,,,Purple,VI266WA00TFBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Orange-Dress-Material-874201.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this orange coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Orange,VI266WA98TFDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Black-Dress-Material-874217.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this black coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Black,VI266WA82TFTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Blue-Dress-Material-874221.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this blue coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from net this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Net,,,Blue,VI266WA78TFXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-874225.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this pink coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Pink,VI266WA74TGBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Blue-Dress-Material-874227.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this blue coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Blue,VI266WA72TGDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Light-Blue-Dress-Material-874229.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this light blue coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from net this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Net,,,Light Blue,VI266WA70TGFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/viva-n-diva-Embroidered-Pink-Dress-Material-874231.html,Viva N Diva,Bright and colourful this pink coloured dress material from Viva N Diva will instantly catch your fancy. Made from georgette this dress material is soft to touch. Featuring an eye-catching print this dress material can also be gifted to your sister. It includes a  top (2.50 m) bottom (2.25 m) and a dupatta (2.00 m).,,Georgette,,,Pink,VI266WA68TGHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Dupatta  Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Embroidered-Chiffon-Pink-Lehenga-Saree-874263.html,Fabdeal,A true epitome of class and elegance this pink coloured saree by Fabdeal will be an excellent addition to your ethnic closet. Featuring a mesmerising design this embroidered saree will lend you a graceful look in no time. Complement it with silver jewellery colourful bangles and high heels to accentuate your feminine charm. Made from chiffon it measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,,,Pink,FA682WA36THNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Embroidered-Net-Multi-Lehenga-Saree-874265.html,Fabdeal,A true epitome of class and elegance this multicoloured saree by Fabdeal will be an excellent addition to your ethnic closet. Featuring a mesmerising design this embroidered saree will lend you a graceful look in no time. Complement it with silver jewellery colourful bangles and high heels to accentuate your feminine charm. Made from net it measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Net,,,Multi,FA682WA34THPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Embroidered-Chiffon-White-Lehenga-Saree-874279.html,Fabdeal,A true epitome of class and elegance this white coloured saree by Fabdeal will be an excellent addition to your ethnic closet. Featuring a mesmerising design this embroidered saree will lend you a graceful look in no time. Complement it with silver jewellery colourful bangles and high heels to accentuate your feminine charm. Made from chiffon it measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,,,White,FA682WA20TIDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Embroidered-Viscose-Blue-Lehenga-Saree-874281.html,Fabdeal,A true epitome of class and elegance this blue coloured saree by Fabdeal will be an excellent addition to your ethnic closet. Featuring a mesmerising design this embroidered saree will lend you a graceful look in no time. Complement it with silver jewellery colourful bangles and high heels to accentuate your feminine charm. Made from viscose it measures 6.30 m in length including a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Viscose,,,Blue,FA682WA18TIFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Dress-Materials-874289.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this black coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from velvet this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Velvet,,,Black,AD371WA10TININDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Yellow-Dress-Materials-874291.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this yellow coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from net and  georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,NET AND GEORGETTE,,,Yellow,AD371WA08TIPINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Navy-Blue-Dress-Materials-874293.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this navy blue coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from crepe this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Crepe,,,Navy Blue,AD371WA06TIRINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Aqua-Blue-Dress-Materials-874295.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this aqua blue coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Georgette,,,Aqua Blue,AD371WA04TITINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Cream-Dress-Materials-874297.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this cream coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from net and  georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,NET AND GEORGETTE,,,Cream,AD371WA02TIVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Blue-Dress-Materials-874299.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this blue coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Georgette,,,Blue,AD371WA00TIXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Dress-Materials-874301.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this pink coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Georgette,,,Pink,AD371WA98TIZINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Dress-Materials-874303.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this black coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Georgette,,,Black,AD371WA96TJBINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Blue-Dress-Materials-874305.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this blue coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Georgette,,,Blue,AD371WA94TJDINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Dress-Materials-874307.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this pink coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from net and  georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,NET AND GEORGETTE,,,Pink,AD371WA92TJFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Dress-Materials-874309.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this black coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from velvet this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Velvet,,,Black,AD371WA90TJHINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Cream-Dress-Material-874311.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this cream coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from banarasi it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Banarasi,,,Cream,AD371WA88TJJINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Red-Dress-Material-874313.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this red coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,,,Red,AD371WA86TJLINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Black-Dress-Material-874315.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this black coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from net brasso it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,NET BRASSO,,,Black,AD371WA84TJNINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Pink-Dress-Material-874317.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this pink coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from silk blend it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,SILK BLEND,,,Pink,AD371WA82TJPINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Peach-Dress-Material-874319.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this peach coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,,,Peach,AD371WA80TJRINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Light-Grey-Dress-Material-874321.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this light grey coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,,,Light Grey,AD371WA78TJTINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Cream-Dress-Material-874323.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this cream coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from banarasi it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Banarasi,,,Cream,AD371WA76TJVINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Aqua-Blue-Dress-Material-874325.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this aqua blue coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,,,Aqua Blue,AD371WA74TJXINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Orange-Dress-Material-874327.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this orange coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,,,Orange,AD371WA72TJZINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Cream-Dress-Material-874329.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this cream coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,,,Cream,AD371WA70TKBINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Embellished-Mustard-Yellow-Dress-Material-874331.html,Admyrin,Graceful and gorgeous this mustard yellow coloured dress material for women from the house of Admyrin is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,,,Mustard Yellow,AD371WA68TKDINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta 4. Inner,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Dress-Materials-874333.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this black coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Georgette,,,Black,AD371WA66TKFINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Dress-Materials-874335.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this black coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from silk this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Silk,,,Black,AD371WA64TKHINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Brown-Dress-Materials-874337.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this brown coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from net this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Net,,,Brown,AD371WA62TKJINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Dress-Materials-874339.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this pink coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from net this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Net,,,Pink,AD371WA60TKLINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Peach-Dress-Materials-874341.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this peach coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from net brasso this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,NET BRASSO,,,Peach,AD371WA58TKNINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Yellow-Dress-Materials-874343.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this yellow coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from jaquard this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Jaquard,,,Yellow,AD371WA56TKPINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Cream-Dress-Materials-874345.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this cream coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from net this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Net,,,Cream,AD371WA54TKRINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Blue-Dress-Materials-874347.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this blue coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from net this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Net,,,Blue,AD371WA52TKTINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Maroon-Dress-Materials-874349.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this maroon coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from satin this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Satin,,,Maroon,AD371WA50TKVINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Grey-Dress-Materials-874351.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this grey coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,Georgette,,,Grey,AD371WA48TKXINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Grey-Dress-Materials-874353.html,Admyrin,If those readymade suits dont lend you a desired fit then this grey coloured dress material from Admyrin will surely please you. This printed dress material will catch your fancy at once. Made from net and  georgette this dress material is a worthy piece to invest in. It includes a  top (bust size ,,NET AND GEORGETTE,,,Grey,AD371WA46TKZINDFAS,,,,,1.top 2.bottom 3.duptta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Sweater-874355.html,Lee Cooper,Lee Cooper presents this blue coloured sweater which will make you look absolutely trendy and cool. Made of acrylic this sweater for women is comfortable to wear and skin friendly as well. This sweater will keep you cosy in chilly winters.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA44TLBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Purple-Sweater-874357.html,Lee Cooper,<p>Keeping comfort as your top-most priority get this jacket from Lee Cooper a perfect pick for a stylish woman like you. This printed and hooded jacket is not only high on style but will ensure you optimum warmth as well courtesy its acrylic fabric. Slip it on over any of your tops and team it with black jeans and a pair of sneakers before stepping out to meet with friends.&nbsp,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Purple,LE080WA42TLDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Sweater-874359.html,Lee Cooper,Make this winter all the more cosy and colourful by bagging this pink coloured sweater for women from Lee Cooper. Made from acrylic material this sweater has half sleeves and round neck. You can team this sweater with casuals of your choice to look stylish even in winters.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA40TLFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Sweatshirts-874361.html,Lee Cooper,Be ready to get acknowledged for your super-trendy look this winter whenever you wear this,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA38TLHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Sweater-874363.html,Lee Cooper,Make this winter all the more cosy and colourful by bagging this red coloured sweatshirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from acrylic material this sweatshirthas full sleeves and hooded neck. You can team this sweatshirtwith casuals of your choice to look stylish even in winters.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA36TLJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Peach-Printed-T-Shirt-874365.html,Lee Cooper,Lee Cooper offers an exclusive piece for fashion-conscious women in the form of this peach coloured T-shirt. Featuring a stylish and beautiful message print on the front this T-shirt will surely get you noticed among your friends. This regular-fit T-shirt is made from cotton blend that makes it soft against the skin.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Peach,LE080WA34TLLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Solid-T-Shirt-874367.html,Lee Cooper,Women wouldlove this pink coloured T-shirt from Lee Cooper due to its eternally simple yet stylish look. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit T-shirt is a perfect pick for casual wear. An ideal combination for you would be to wear this T-shirt with a pair of slim-fit blue jeans and sneakers.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA32TLNINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Solid-T-Shirt-874369.html,Lee Cooper,A classic off-white T-shirt like this one from Lee Cooper is a must-have for young women. Itsplain yet stylish look has a different charm altogether. Made from 100% cotton it is a perfect pick for casual wear. Whip up an effortless look by wearing this T-shirt with a pair of blue jeans and sneakers.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA30TLPINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Orange-Solid-T-Shirt-874371.html,Lee Cooper,A vibrant orange T-shirt like this one from Lee Cooper is a must-have for most young women. Its bright and stylish look offersa different charm altogether. Made from 100% cotton it is a perfect pick for casual wear. Whip up an effortless look by wearing this T-shirt with a pair of blue jeans and sneakers.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Orange,LE080WA28TLRINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Solid-T-Shirt-874373.html,Lee Cooper,A classic red T-shirt like this one from Lee Cooper is a must-have for most young women. Itsplain yet stylish look offersa different charm altogether. Made from 100% cotton it is a perfect pick for casual wear. Whip up an effortless look by wearing this T-shirt with a pair of blue jeans and sneakers.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA26TLTINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874375.html,Lee Cooper,Be the fashion inspiration for others by wearing this off-white coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed T-shirt has short sleeves. You can wear this T-shirt with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA24TLVINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Multi-Printed-T-Shirt-874377.html,Lee Cooper,The fabulous design of this multicoloured top from Lee Cooper makes it perfect for casual outings. The floral print further enhances the look of this creation and promises a fashionable avatar when clubbed with jeans and belly shoes. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit top is fine in quality and a must-have in every fashionista wardrobe.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Multi,LE080WA22TLXINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Printed-T-Shirt-874379.html,Lee Cooper,Grab this red coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper as it will prove to be an impeccable choice later. The gorgeous floral print made over it will catch your eye at once. Made from 100% cotton this sleeveless T-shirt will provide you with a comfortable and regular fit. You can wear it with a pair of regular jeans to complete your attire.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA20TLZINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Printed-T-Shirt-874381.html,Lee Cooper,Get a stylish and comfortable look by wearing this pink coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can pair this trendy T-shirt with bottoms of your choice to complete your casual look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA18TMBINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Orange-Printed-T-Shirt-874383.html,Lee Cooper,Grab this orange coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper as it will prove to be an impeccable choice later. The gorgeous print made over it will catch your eye at once. Made from 100% cotton this T-shirt will provide you with a very comfortable wear. You can team it with a pair of regular jeans to complete your attire.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Orange,LE080WA16TMDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874385.html,Lee Cooper,Chic and trendy this white coloured T-shirt from Lee Cooper will make you want it the moment you see it. Featuring an eye-catching print on the front this T-shirt is a must-have for sure. It is regular in fit and absolutely comfortable to wear as it is made from 100% cotton. Just team it with a pair of blue jeans to attain an effortlessly stylish look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,LE080WA14TMFINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Tops-874387.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA12TMHINDFAS,Puff Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Printed-Top-874389.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA10TMJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Top-874391.html,Lee Cooper,Be a fashion inspiration for others by wearing this black coloured top for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this top has round neck and puffed-up sleeves. You can wear it with trendy looking bottoms to complete your casual look.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA08TMLINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Printed-Tops-874393.html,Lee Cooper,Be a fashion inspiration for others by wearing this pink coloured top for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed top has round neck and 3/4th sleeves. You can wear it with trendy looking bottoms to complete your casual look.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA06TMNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Solid-Jeans-874395.html,Lee Cooper,Flaunt sartorial elegance wearing thesered coloured jeans by Lee Cooper. Made of 100% cotton thesejeans will let your skin breathe keeping you comfortable all day long. Tailored in regular fit this pair of jeans will go well with T-shirts and tops.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA04TMPINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Check-Shirt-874399.html,Lee Cooper,<p>Keeping comfort as your top-most priority get this blue coloured shirt from Lee Cooper a perfect pick for a stylish woman like you. This chequered shirt is not only high on style but will ensure you are at ease the entire time you have it on courtesy its 100% cotton fabric. Slip into this shirt and team it with black jeggings and a pair of moccasins before stepping out to meet with friends.</p>,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA00TMTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Shirt-874401.html,Lee Cooper,Look feminine and charming by wearing this pink coloured top for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this top has half sleeves and round neck. You can team this top with jeans or chinos to look stylish and fashion forward all the time.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA98TMVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Check-Shirt-874403.html,Lee Cooper,<p>Include this red coloured shirt from Lee Cooper in your wardrobe and be ready to get complimented for your classy choice each time you wear it. The stylish check pattern makes this shirt look casual and appealing. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit shirt is light in weight and skin friendly. &nbsp,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA96TMXINDFAS,,,,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Top-874405.html,Lee Cooper,Look gorgeous and feminine by wearing this blue coloured top for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed top has short sleeves and round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous effortlessly.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA94TMZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Tops-874407.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA92TNBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874409.html,Lee Cooper,Grab this off-white coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper as it will prove to be an impeccable choice later. The gorgeous print made over it will catch your eye at once. Made from 100% cotton this T-shirt will provide you with a very comfortable wear. You can team it with a pair of jeggings to complete your stylish look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA90TNDINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874411.html,Lee Cooper,Bring in freshness to your look by buying this white coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. The subtle print on the front of this regular-fit T-shirt is a stylish add on that will enhance your appeal. Also its 100% cotton material will keep you relaxed throughout the day. Wear it over a pair of shorts and extremely sexy heels to attain a chic look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,LE080WA88TNFINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-T-Shirt-874413.html,Lee Cooper,Chic and trendy this blue coloured T-shirt from Lee Cooper will make you want it the moment you see it. Featuringa simple design it is a must-have for casual wear. Also itis regular in fit and absolutely comfortable to wear as it is made from 100% cotton. Just team it with a pair of blue jeans to attain an effortlessly stylish look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA86TNHINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Solid-T-Shirt-874415.html,Lee Cooper,Bring in a breath offreshness to your look by buying this red coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. The 100% cotton material of this regular-fit T-shirt will keep you relaxed throughout the day. Wear it over a pair of shorts and extremely sexy heels to attain a chic look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA84TNJINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-T-Shirt-874417.html,Lee Cooper,Lee Cooper brings this black coloured printed T-shirt for women who love to look sporty yet feminine. This classy T-shirt is made from 100% cotton which further makes it light in weight and fine in quality. This regular-fit T-shirt when paired with denim shorts will certainly enhance your overall appearance.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA82TNLINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Grey-Sweatshirt-874419.html,Lee Cooper,Be the fashion queen in your group of friends by wearing this grey coloured sweatshirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this sweatshirt has full-sleeves and hooded neck. Team this sweatshirt with bottoms of your choice to look completely stylish.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,LE080WA80TNNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Peach-Sweatshirt-874423.html,Lee Cooper,Stay winter protected and that too in style by wearing this peach coloured sweatshirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this sweatshirt has full sleeves and hooded neck. You can team this sweatshirt with bottoms of your choice to complete your winter look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Peach,LE080WA76TNRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Sweatshirt-874425.html,Lee Cooper,To get a mix of both style and comfort buy this red coloured sweatshirt from Lee Cooper. This hooded zippered sweatshirt made from 100% cotton will be your best bet to feel warm during the day. Wear it with a pair of blue jeans and ankle length boots to attain a chic look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA74TNTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Sweatshirt-874427.html,Lee Cooper,Stay fashion forward even in dull and boring winters by wearing this blue coloured sweatshirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this blue coloured sweatshirt has full sleeves and hooded neck. You can team this sweatshirt with ripped-off jeans to look totally stylish.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA72TNVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Sweatshirt-874429.html,Lee Cooper,Stay fashion forward even during the dull winters by wearing this grey coloured sweatshirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this blue coloured sweatshirt has full sleeves and hooded neck. You can team this sweatshirt with ripped-off jeans to look totally stylish.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA70TNXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Orange-Sweatshirt-874431.html,Lee Cooper,Stay fashion forward even in dull and boring winters by wearing this orange coloured sweatshirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this sweatshirt has full sleeves and hooded neck. You can team this sweatshirt with ripped-off jeans to look totally stylish.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Orange,LE080WA68TNZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Sweatshirt-874433.html,Lee Cooper,To get a mix of both style and comfort buy this red coloured sweatshirt from Lee Cooper. This hooded zipper sweatshirt made from 100% cotton will surely keep you warm throughout the time you have it on. Wear it with a pair of blue jeans and ankle length boots to attain a chic look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA66TOBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Grey-Sweatshirt-874435.html,Lee Cooper,Spruce up your cool and trendy look wearing this grey coloured sweatshirt from the house of Lee Cooper. Made of 100% cotton this sweatshirt ensures total comfort all day long. Featuring regular fit this sweatshirt will keep you warm in chilly winters.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,LE080WA64TODINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Sweatshirt-874437.html,Lee Cooper,Look fashion forward this winter season by wearing this blue coloured sweatshirt for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this sweatshirt has full sleeves and a hooded neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look stylish.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA62TOFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Sweater-874439.html,Lee Cooper,Feel warm and look stylish by wearing this blue coloured sweater for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from acrylic material this sweater has full sleeves and V-neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to complete your winter look.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA60TOHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-T-Shirt-874441.html,Lee Cooper,Get this impeccable top from Lee Cooper to heighten the style statement of your wardrobe. Using traditional motifs as prints this top displays a unique look. Made from 100% cotton it is regular in fit and will be extremely comfortable to wear. Pair it with blue jeans to fetch a casual look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA58TOJINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-T-Shirt-874443.html,Lee Cooper,Flaunt your amazing dressing sense wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women by Lee Cooper. Exhibiting a striking print this regular-fit T-shirt will certainly lend you a chic look. Team this 100% cotton T-shirt with jeans and belly shoes.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA56TOLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-T-Shirt-874445.html,Lee Cooper,Enhance the style of your casual wear collection by adding this navy blue coloured T-shirt from Lee Cooper. It will be comfortable for you to wear as it is made from 100% cotton. This slim-fit T-shirt also features an interesting print on the front that adds to its overall appeal. Wear it with a pair of capris to flaunt a perfect summery look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA54TONINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckV Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Sweater-874447.html,Lee Cooper,Feel warm and look stylish by wearing this sweater for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from acrylic material this sweater has full sleeves and V-neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to complete your winter look.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA52TOPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-T-Shirt-874449.html,Lee Cooper,Look stylish and stay comfortable by wearing this black coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed T-shirt has a round neck and half sleeves. You can team this T-shirt with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous effortlessly.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA50TORINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874451.html,Lee Cooper,Look stylish and stay comfortable by wearing this off-white coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed T-shirt has round neck and half sleeves. You can team this T-shirt with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous effortlessly.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA48TOTINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Tops-874453.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA46TOVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Grey-Printed-T-Shirt-874455.html,Lee Cooper,Be a trendsetter among your girl gang wearing this grey T-shirt by Lee Cooper. Featuring an attractive graphic print this regular-fit T-shirt will be a classy addition to your wardrobe. Team this 100% cotton T-shirt with jeans and belly shoes to make a distinct style statement.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,LE080WA44TOXINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Purple-Printed-T-Shirt-874457.html,Lee Cooper,Enhance the style of your casual wear collection by adding this deep purple coloured T-shirt from Lee Cooper. It will be comfortable for you to wear as it is made from 100% cotton. This regular-fit T-shirt also features an interesting print on the front that adds to its overall appeal. Wear it with a pair of jeggings to flaunt a perfect look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Purple,LE080WA42TOZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-T-Shirt-874459.html,Lee Cooper,Look stylish and stay comfortable by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed T-shirt has round neck and it is sleeveless. You can team this T-shirt with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous effortlessly.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA40TPBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-T-Shirt-874461.html,Lee Cooper,Look gorgeous and feminine by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed T-shirt has 3/4th sleeves and round neck that give you an elegant look. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous effortlessly.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA38TPDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874463.html,Lee Cooper,<p>Look trendy and super cool by wearing this off-white coloured T-shirt from Lee Cooper. This T-shirt will go well with blue jeans and sneakers when you head&nbsp,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA36TPFINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Sweatshirt-874465.html,Lee Cooper,Look fashion forward this winter by wearing this pink coloured sweatshirt for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this sweatshirt has full sleeves and hooded neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look stylish.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA34TPHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Grey-Sweater-874467.html,Lee Cooper,Feel warm and look stylish by wearing this grey coloured sweater for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from acrylic material this sweater has full sleeves and V-neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to complete your winter look.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Grey,LE080WA32TPJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Sweatshirts-874469.html,Lee Cooper,Stay winter protected and that too in style by wearing this magenta coloured sweatshirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from acrylic material this sweatshirt has full-sleeves and hooded neck. You can team this sweatshirt with bottoms of your choice to complete your winter look.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA30TPLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Peach-Sweater-874471.html,Lee Cooper,Up your style quotient this winter with this peach coloured,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Peach,LE080WA28TPNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Sweater-874473.html,Lee Cooper,Stay warm this winter and that too in style by wearing this blue coloured sweatshirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this sweatshirt has full-sleeves and hooded neck. You can team this sweatshirt with bottoms of your choice to complete your winter look.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA26TPPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Sweatshirts-874475.html,Lee Cooper,,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA24TPRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Sweater-874477.html,Lee Cooper,Look feminine and stay warm when wearing this black coloured sweater for women from Lee Cooper. Made from acrylic material this sweater has full sleeves and a high neck. You can team this sweater with jeans or any other bottoms of your choice to look stunning.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA22TPTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Turtle Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Purple-Sweater-874479.html,Lee Cooper,Look feminine and stay warm by wearing this purple coloured sweater for women from Lee Cooper. Made from acrylic material this sweater has full sleeves and high neck. You can team this sweater with jeans or any other bottoms of your choice to look stunning.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Purple,LE080WA20TPVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Turtle Neck,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Sweatshirts-874481.html,Lee Cooper,Look feminine and feel warm by wearing this blue coloured sweatshirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from acrylic material this sweatshirt has full sleeves and hooded neck. You can team this winter wear with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,,Acrylic,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA18TPXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Shirt-874485.html,Lee Cooper,To get an unmatchable look you must get this blue coloured shirt for women from Lee Cooper. This full sleeve collar shirt is slightly flared towards the end which heightens its feminine look. Wear it with a pair of blue jeans to look incredibly chic and trendy. Also its 100% cotton material will ensure you utmost ease and comfort throughout the day.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA14TQBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Shirt-874487.html,Lee Cooper,Black in colour this shirt from Lee Cooper is a smart addition to your wardrobe due to its classy design and unique styling. This regular-fit shirt can be teamed with jeans or trousers according to the occasion you are heading to. Made from 100% cotton this shirt is light in weight and comfortable to wear.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA12TQDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Tops-874489.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA10TQFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Tops-874491.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA08TQHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Peach-Printed-Shirt-874493.html,Lee Cooper,To get an unmatchable look you must get this peach coloured shirt for women from Lee Cooper. This cap-sleeved round neck shirt is slightly flared towards the end which heightens its feminine look. Wear it with a pair of blue jeans to look incredibly chic and trendy. Also its 100% cotton material will ensure you utmost ease and comfort throughout the day.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Peach,LE080WA06TQJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Yellow-Printed-Tops-874495.html,Lee Cooper,Look stylish and stay cool wearing this yellow coloured top for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed top has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Yellow,LE080WA04TQLINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Printed-Tops-874497.html,Lee Cooper,Red in colour this top from Lee Cooper is a smart addition to your wardrobe due to its classy design and unique styling. This regular-fit top can be teamed with jeans or trousers according to the occasion you are heading to. Made from 100% cotton this top is light in weight and comfortable to wear.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA02TQNINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Tops-874499.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA00TQPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Printed-Shirt-874501.html,Lee Cooper,A perfect pick for college going young women would be this red coloured shirt from Lee Cooper. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit printed shirt will lend you utmost comfort the entire day. It will add vibrancy to your look when you team it with regular blue jeans and a pair of wedges.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA98TQRINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Shirt-874503.html,Lee Cooper,Look stylish and stay cool by wearing this blue coloured chequered shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this shirt has short sleeves and collar. You can easily team it with bottoms of your choice to complete your casual look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA96TQTINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Red-Printed-Shirt-874505.html,Lee Cooper,A perfect pick for college going young women would be this red coloured shirt from Lee Cooper. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit printed shirt will lend you utmost comfort the entire day. It will add vibrancy to your look when you team it with a pairofblue jeans andwedges.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Red,LE080WA94TQVINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Shirt-874507.html,Lee Cooper,To get an unmatchable look you must get this blue coloured shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Featuring 3/4,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA92TQXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Tops-874509.html,Lee Cooper,Simple and elegant this black coloured top from Lee Cooper is a must-have to invite style into your wardrobe. It flaunts subtle embroidery on its neckline which will attract your attention immediately. This regular-fit shirt will fall smoothly on curves lending you a comfortable wearowing to its 100% cotton make. It will look the best on you when you team it with a pair of printed trousers.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA90TQZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Tops-874511.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA88TRBINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Shirt-874513.html,Lee Cooper,Simple and elegant this blue coloured shirt from Lee Cooper is a must-have to invite style into your wardrobe. It flaunts interesting check prints and a collar neck which will attract your attention immediately. This regular-fit shirt will fall smoothly on curves lending you a comfortable wear owing to its 100% cotton make. It will look the best on you when you team it with a pair of light coloured trousers.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA86TRDINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874515.html,Lee Cooper,Look and feel cool by wearing this off-white coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team this T-shirt with jeans or any other bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA84TRFINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874517.html,Lee Cooper,Look and feel cool by wearing this off-white coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team this T-shirt with jeans or any other bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA82TRHINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874519.html,Lee Cooper,Look and feel cool by wearing this off-white coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. You can team this T-shirt with jeans or any other bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA80TRJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874521.html,Lee Cooper,Enhance the style of your casual wear collection by adding this off-white coloured T-shirt from Lee Cooper. It will be comfortable for you to wear as it is made from 100% cotton. This regular-fit T-shirt also features an interesting print on the front that adds to its overall appeal. Wear it under a front-open jacket with a pair of jeggings and boots to flaunt a perfect winter look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA78TRLINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Off-White-Printed-T-Shirt-874523.html,Lee Cooper,Get this impeccable off-white coloured top from Lee Cooper to heighten the style statement of your wardrobe. Staying simple is the new trend and this top will help you be just that. It will fall smoothly on your curves courtesy it 100% cotton make. Flaunting a simple round neck and half sleeves it is indeed a perfect pick to wear with shorts or a mini skirt to get a trendy look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Off White,LE080WA76TRNINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Peach-Printed-T-Shirt-874525.html,Lee Cooper,Get this impeccable top from Lee Cooper to heighten the style statement of your wardrobe. Staying simple is the new trend and this top will help you be just that. It will fall smoothly on your curves courtesy it 100% cotton make. Flaunting a simple round neck and half sleeves it is indeed a perfect pick to wear with shorts or a mini skirt to get a trendy look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Peach,LE080WA74TRPINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-T-Shirt-874527.html,Lee Cooper,Simple and classy this black coloured T-shirt from Lee Cooper will be a smart pick when you want to dress casually. Team this regular-fit T-shirt with light blue jeans and sneakers for a cool sporty look. Made from 100% cotton this T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA72TRRINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-T-Shirt-874529.html,Lee Cooper,To get a mix of both style and comfort get this navy blue coloured T-shirt from Lee Cooper. This regular-fit T-shirt made from 100% cotton will be your best bet to feel relaxed during the day. Wear it with a pair of blue jeans and ankle length boots to attain a chic look.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA70TRTINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Orange-Printed-T-Shirt-874531.html,Lee Cooper,Get a trendy and comfortable look by wearing this orange coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this T-shirt has full sleeves and hooded neck. You can wear this T-shirt with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Orange,LE080WA68TRVINDFAS,,Round Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Printed-T-Shirt-874533.html,Lee Cooper,,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA66TRXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckHooded,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Navy-Blue-Printed-T-Shirt-874535.html,Lee Cooper,Get a trendy and comfortable look by wearing this navy blue coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this T-shirt has full sleeves and hooded neck. You can wear this T-shirt with bottoms of your choice to look fabulous.,V Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Navy Blue,LE080WA64TRZINDFAS,,V Neck,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-T-Shirt-874537.html,Lee Cooper,Stay comfortable and look cool by wearing this blue coloured T-shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this T-shirt has half sleeves and round neck. Team this T-shirt with shorts or jeans to feel relaxed yet stylish.,Round Neck,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA62TSBINDFAS,,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874539.html,Lee Cooper,Lee Cooper presents these blue coloured jeans which will get you noticed for all the right reasons. Made of 100% cotton these jeans for women are quite comfortable to wear and skin friendly as well. Featuring regular fit these jeans will become your instant favourite.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA60TSDINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Green-Solid-Jeans-874541.html,Lee Cooper,If versatility is your game thenwear thesejeansin green colour from the house of Lee Cooper. Made of 100% cotton thesejeans will keep you comfortable in summers. Team them with a white coloured top to complete your casual look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Green,LE080WA58TSFINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874543.html,Lee Cooper,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer wearing these jeans by Lee Cooper. Featuring a regular fit these will surely have your style-quotient soaring while the fabric will offer you a comfortable fit. Tailored in regular fit this pair of jeans will go well with T-shirts and tops.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA56TSHINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874545.html,Lee Cooper,Unlock the secret of ultimate comfort as you wear this jeans in blue colour from the house of Lee Cooper. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Wear these with a printed T-shirt to complete your look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA54TSJINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874547.html,Lee Cooper,Earn an all-access pass wearing these bluecoloured jeans by Lee Cooper. Made of 100% cotton thesejeans will keep you comfortable in summers. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA52TSLINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874549.html,Lee Cooper,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness wearing these blue coloured jeans from the house of Lee Cooper. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Wear these with a printed T-shirt to complete your look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA50TSNINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874551.html,Lee Cooper,Let the world take a peep at your vivaciousness as you wear these blue coloured jeansfrom the house of Lee Cooper. Made of 100% cotton thesejeans will let your skin breathe keeping you comfortable all day long. Featuring a distinctive design and pattern these comfortable jeans will not fail to catch your fancy at a single glance.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA48TSPINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874553.html,Lee Cooper,For an unexpected update to any outfit wear these jeans by Lee Cooper. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Team them with a white coloured top to complete your casual look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA46TSRINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874555.html,Lee Cooper,Get rid of the 'regular' look this season wearing these blue coloured jeans by Lee Cooper. Made of 100% cotton these jeans will keep you comfortable in summers. Featuring a distinctive design and pattern these comfortable jeans will not fail to catch your fancy at a single glance.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA44TSTINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Solid-Jeans-874557.html,Lee Cooper,Boxsartorial elegance and push it down the road as you wear these black coloured jeansfrom the house of Lee Cooper. Try this pair of jeans that would never let you compromise on both style and comfort. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA42TSVINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874559.html,Lee Cooper,If versatality is your game then showcase the samewearing theseblue coloured jeans from the house of Lee Cooper. The cottonfabric makes them a comfortable wear.Featuring a distinctive design and pattern these comfortable jeans will not fail to catch your fancy at a single glance.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA40TSXINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Solid-Jeans-874563.html,Lee Cooper,Jet from day to night with ease wearing these jeans by Lee Cooper. Made of 100% cotton this jeans will let your skin breathe keeping you comfortable all day long. Tailored in regular fit this pair of jeans will go well with T-shirts and tops.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA36TTBINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874565.html,Lee Cooper,<p>Shun the shackles of bygone fashion as you wear these jeans from the house of Lee Cooper. Made of 100% cotton these&nbsp,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA34TTDINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Green-Solid-Jeans-874567.html,Lee Cooper,<p>Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Then go ahead and try these jeans from Lee Cooper. The fabric makes them a comfortable wear while the effect gives an edgy look. Wear these with a printed T-shirt to complete your look.</p>,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Green,LE080WA32TTFINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874569.html,Lee Cooper,,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA30TTHINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Top-874571.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA28TTJINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Tops-874573.html,Lee Cooper,Get this black coloured top from Lee Cooper to spice up your wardrobe. Featuring attractive floral prints this regular-fit top will provide you with a comfortable wear all day long owing to its 100% cotton fabric. To attain a stylish look just wear it with a short black skirt and high heels.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA26TTLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Turtle Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Shirt-874575.html,Lee Cooper,Simple and elegant this blue coloured shirt from Lee Cooper is a must-have to invite style into your wardrobe. It flaunts interesting prints and a button down front which will attract your attention immediately. This regular-fit shirt will fall smoothly on your curves lending you a comfortable wear owing to its 100% cotton make. It will look the best on you when you team it with a pair of light blue jeans.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA24TTNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Shirt-874577.html,Lee Cooper,Unique and trendy this blue coloured shirt from Lee Cooper will make you own it the moment you see it. Featuring light blue coloured collar and placket this shirt offers an interesting contrast. This regular-fit printed shirt will be absolutely comfortable to wear as it is made from 100% cotton. Just team it with a pair of blue jeans to attain an effortlessly stylish look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA22TTPINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Orange-Printed-Tops-874579.html,Lee Cooper,Get this orange coloured top from Lee Cooper to bring freshness into your wardrobe. Featuring an attractive floral print this regular-fit top will provide you with a comfortable wear all day long owing to its 100% cotton fabric. To attain a stylish look just wear it with a short denim skirt and high heels.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Orange,LE080WA20TTRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Tops-874581.html,Lee Cooper,Chic in look this blue coloured top from Lee Cooper will add oodles of grace to your appearance. Exhibiting an array of floral prints this 3/4th sleeve top will surely impress you with its style. Also as it is made from 100% cotton it will lend you a comfortable fit. It has an elasticated waistline and is layered towards the end. Team it with a pair of black leggings and belly shoes to stun everybody with your exotic look.,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA18TTTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Tops-874583.html,Lee Cooper,,Blouses,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA16TTVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Shirt-874585.html,Lee Cooper,Chic in look this blue coloured shirt from Lee Cooper will add oodles of grace to your appearance. Exhibiting a vibrant check pattern this full-sleeve shirt will surely impress you with its style. Also as it is made from 100% cotton it will lend you a comfortable fit.Team it with a pair of skinny-fit jeans and belly shoes to stun everybody with your elegant look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA14TTXINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Printed-Kurtas-874587.html,Lee Cooper,Include this blue coloured kurta from Lee Cooper in your wardrobe and be ready to get complimented for your classy choice each time you wear it. The pretty floral print makes thiskurtalook casual and appealing. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fitkurtais light in weight and skin friendly.,Kurta,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA12TTZINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-White-Printed-Shirt-874589.html,Lee Cooper,A beautiful floral print top in white colour from Lee Cooper that will be a stylish pick for women on the go. Featuring a contrast coloured piping on the round neckline button placket and cuffs this top will soon become your favourite for weekend outings with family or friends. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit top will help you stay relaxed all day long.,Crop Tops,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,White,LE080WA10TUBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Shirt-874591.html,Lee Cooper,Look gorgeous and feminine by wearing this black coloured casual shirt for women from the fashion house of Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this printed shirt has short sleeves and collar that give you an elegant look. You can team it with the bottoms of your choice to look fabulous effortlessly.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA08TUDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Pink-Printed-Shirt-874593.html,Lee Cooper,Most women will love this pink coloured shirt from Lee Cooper due to its eternally simple yet stylish look. Featuring very fine stripes this regular-fit shirt with a contrasting coloured placket will catch your fancy for sure. It is full sleeved and is made from cotton which ensures that it will keep you comfortable throughout the day. An ideal combination for you would be to wear this shirt with a pair of slim-fit grey coloured formal pants.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Pink,LE080WA06TUFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Printed-Tops-874595.html,Lee Cooper,Look stylish and stay cool by wearing this black coloured shirt for women from Lee Cooper. Made from cotton this shirt has full sleeves and collar. You can easily team this printed shirt with bottoms of your choice to complete your casual look.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA04TUHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874597.html,Lee Cooper,,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA02TUJINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Blue-Solid-Jeans-874599.html,Lee Cooper,Shun the shadows of bygone fashion trends wearing these jeans by Lee Cooper. Made of 100% cotton this jeans will let your skin breathe keeping you comfortable all day long. Tailored in regular fit this pair of jeans will go well with T-shirts and tops.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Blue,LE080WA00TULINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Lee_Cooper-Black-Solid-Capris-874601.html,Lee Cooper,Pull together a chic look when wearing these black coloured capris from the house of Lee Cooper. The fabric makes them a comfortable wear while the effect gives an edgy look. Ensuring an amazing fit these capris will help you flaunt your curves.,,100% Cotton,dark colours to be washed separately,Regular,Black,LE080WA98TUNINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Polyester-Blend-Grey-Trackpant-874603.html,Nike,Stylish and comfortable are these dark grey coloured track pants from,Track Pants,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Dark Grey,NI091WA96TUPINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Polyester-Blend-Purple-Trackpant-874605.html,Nike,Look sporty and full of spirit by wearing these dark purple coloured track pants for women from,Track Pants,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,NI091WA94TURINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Polyester-Blend-Multi-Sports-Bra-874607.html,Nike,presents this multicoloured bra which is an ideal pick for all women who like to exercise regularly. This sports bra is extremely comfortable to wear as it is padded and made from polyester blend. You can wear a tank top over it along with skinny-fit leggings and sports shoes to perfect your workout look.,Sports Bra,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,NI091WA92TUTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Polyester-Blend-Black-Sweatshirt-874609.html,Nike,,,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,NI091WA90TUVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Cotton-Blend-Orange-Winter-Jacket-874613.html,Nike,presents this multicoloured jacket which will get you noticed for all the right reasons. Made of polyester this jacket for women is long-lasting and skin friendly too. Featuring regular fit this jacket will keep you warm in chilly winters.,Jackets,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,NI091WA86TUZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Wool-Blend-Purple-Sweatshirt-874615.html,Nike,Flaunt a new sporty look wearing this purple coloured sweatshirt from,,Wool Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,NI091WA84TVBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Polyester-Blend-Multi-Capri-874619.html,Nike,Spruce up your cool and trendy look wearing these multicoloured capris from the house of,,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,NI091WA80TVFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Polyester-Blend-Black-Sweatshirt-874621.html,Nike,<p>Most women especially the sporty ones will definitely get attracted to this black coloured sweat jacket by,,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,NI091WA78TVHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Polyester-Blend-Red-Sweatshirt-874623.html,Nike,Impress your colleagues with your amazing casual look this winter by wearing this red sweatshirt by,,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,NI091WA76TVJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Green-Printed-Kurti-874687.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing green coloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this crepe kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Crepe,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Green,AD371WA12TXVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Maroon-Printed-Kurti-874689.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing maroon coloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Maroon,AD371WA10TXXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874691.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing multicoloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this crepe kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Crepe,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA08TXZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874693.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing multicoloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA06TYBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Off-White-Printed-Kurti-874695.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing off white coloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Off White,AD371WA04TYDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874697.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing multicoloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA02TYFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874699.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing multicoloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA00TYHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Aqua-Printed-Kurti-874701.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing aqua blue coloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Aqua Blue,AD371WA98TYJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Aqua-Printed-Kurti-874703.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing aqua blue coloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Aqua Blue,AD371WA96TYLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Cowl Neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Orange-Printed-Kurti-874705.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing orange coloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Orange,AD371WA94TYNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Printed-Kurti-874707.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing pink coloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Pink,AD371WA92TYPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Printed-Kurti-874709.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing black coloured kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. This attractivekurti will surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Black,AD371WA90TYRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874711.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this multicoloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from georgette this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA88TYTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874713.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this multicoloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from georgette this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA86TYVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Yellow-Printed-Kurti-874715.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this yellow coloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from georgette this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Yellow,AD371WA84TYXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Green-Printed-Kurti-874717.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this green coloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from georgette this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Green,AD371WA82TYZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Cowl Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Purple-Printed-Kurti-874719.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this purple coloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from georgette this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Purple,AD371WA80TZBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Peach-Printed-Kurti-874721.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this peach coloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from georgette this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Peach,AD371WA78TZDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Printed-Kurti-874723.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this pink coloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from georgette this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Pink,AD371WA76TZFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874725.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this multicoloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from georgette this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA74TZHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Yellow-Printed-Kurti-874727.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this yellow coloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from crepe this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Crepe,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Yellow,AD371WA72TZJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874729.html,Admyrin,Make the girls go green when you wear this multicoloured kurti by Admyrin. Made from georgette this kurti is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA70TZLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874731.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA68TZNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Cowl Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Red-Printed-Kurti-874733.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Red,AD371WA66TZPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Cream-Printed-Kurti-874735.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Cream,AD371WA64TZRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874737.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA62TZTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Cowl Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Green-Printed-Kurti-874739.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Green,AD371WA60TZVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Square neck,Calf Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Cream-Printed-Kurti-874741.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Cream,AD371WA58TZXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Maxi-Dress-874743.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing dress by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette dress is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Pink,AD371WA56TZZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Square neck,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Multi-Color-Printed-Kurti-874745.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Multi,AD371WA54UABINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Black-Printed-Kurti-874747.html,Admyrin,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing kurti by Admyrin. Designed with absolute perfection this georgette kurti is soft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with a salwar or churidar in lighter or brighter hues to create a contrasting effect.,Kurti,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean,Regular,Black,AD371WA52UADINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Black-Embroidered-Dress-874749.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing black coloured dress by ITI. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,Regular,Black,IT826WA50UAFINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-White-Printed-Dress-874751.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing white coloured dress by ITI. Made from crepe fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Crepe,HANDWASH,Regular,White,IT826WA48UAHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Green-Printed-Dress-874753.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing green coloured dress by ITI. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Green,IT826WA46UAJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Boat Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Black-Printed-Dress-874755.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing black coloured dress by ITI. Made from crepe fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Crepe,HANDWASH,Regular,Black,IT826WA44UALINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Dress-874757.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing multicoloured dress by ITI. Made of premium quality georgette this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA42UANINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Pink-Solid-Dress-874759.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing pink coloured dress by ITI. Made from cotton spandex fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),HANDWASH,Regular,Pink,IT826WA40UAPINDFAS,Sleeveless,PETER PAN COLLAR,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Dress-874761.html,ITI,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this multicoloured dress by ITI. Made from crepe fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Crepe,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA38UARINDFAS,Sleeveless,Henley,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-White-Printed-Dress-874763.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing white coloured dress by ITI. Made from cotton fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,HANDWASH,Regular,White,IT826WA36UATINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Dress-874765.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing multicoloured dress by ITI. Made of premium quality crepe this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,Crepe,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA34UAVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Henley,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Dress-874767.html,ITI,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this multicoloured dress by ITI. Made from crepe fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Crepe,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA32UAXINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Dress-874769.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing multicoloured dress by ITI. Made of premium quality crepe this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,Crepe,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA30UAZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Keyhole Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Black-Solid-Dress-874771.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing black coloured dress by ITI. Made from modal fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Bodycon Dresses,MODAL,HANDWASH,Regular,Black,IT826WA28UBBINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Multi-Printed-Dress-874773.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing multicoloured dress by ITI. Made from crepe fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Asymmetric Dresses,Crepe,HANDWASH,Regular,Multi,IT826WA26UBDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Black-Solid-Dress-874775.html,ITI,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by ITI. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Black,IT826WA24UBFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Aqua-Blue-Solid-Dress-874777.html,ITI,Lusting after luster wearing aqua blue coloured dress by ITI. Made of premium quality georgette this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,HANDWASH,Regular,Aqua Blue,IT826WA22UBHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/iti-Red-Solid-Dress-874779.html,ITI,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this red coloured dress by ITI. Made from modal fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,MODAL,HANDWASH,Regular,Red,IT826WA20UBJINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874807.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this yellow coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from net it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Net,Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,FA682WA92UCLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Navy-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874813.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this navy blue coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Navy Blue,FA682WA86UCRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874815.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this pink coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,FA682WA84UCTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874817.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this green coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,FA682WA82UCVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Violet-Indigo-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874819.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this violet indigo coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Violet Indigo,FA682WA80UCXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874821.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this black coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Black,FA682WA78UCZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874823.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this blue coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,FA682WA76UDBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874825.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this pink coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,FA682WA74UDDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874827.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this blue coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,FA682WA72UDFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874831.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this blue coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,FA682WA68UDJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Embroidered-Dress-Material-874835.html,Fabdeal,Graceful and gorgeous this green coloured dress material for women from the house of Fabdeal is designed as per the latest trends to keep you in sync with high fashion. Made from georgette it will keep you comfortable all day long. Stitch it as per your size and be the centre of attention.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Green,FA682WA64UDNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Purple-Printed-Dress-Material-874837.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive purple colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Purple,FA682WA62UDPINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-874841.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive yellow colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,FA682WA58UDTINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-White-Printed-Dress-Material-874843.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive white colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,White,FA682WA56UDVINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Navy-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-874847.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive navy blue colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Navy Blue,FA682WA52UDZINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Violet-Indigo-Printed-Dress-Material-874849.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive violet indigo colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Violet Indigo,FA682WA50UEBINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-874851.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive black colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Black,FA682WA48UEDINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-874853.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive pink colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,FA682WA46UEFINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Violet-Indigo-Printed-Dress-Material-874855.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive violet indigo colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Violet Indigo,FA682WA44UEHINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Violet-Indigo-Printed-Dress-Material-874857.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive violet indigo colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Violet Indigo,FA682WA42UEJINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-White-Printed-Dress-Material-874861.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive white colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,White,FA682WA38UENINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Printed-Dress-Material-874865.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive pink colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,FA682WA34UERINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-874869.html,Fabdeal,Elegance and charm is what you will exude once you get dressed in an ethnic ensemble tailored from this dress material set from the house of Fabdeal. Its attractive green colour and charming print add to its ethnic appeal while the crepe fabric ensures superb comfort throughout the day. It includes a  top (2.0 m) bottom (2.0 m) and a dupatta (2.0 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Green,FA682WA30UEVINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Maroon-Printed-Dress-Material-874873.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Maroon,FA682WA26UEZINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Red-Printed-Dress-Material-874877.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Red,FA682WA22UFDINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Green-Printed-Dress-Material-874881.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Green,FA682WA18UFHINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Aqua-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-874883.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Aqua Blue,FA682WA16UFJINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-874885.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,FA682WA14UFLINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Red-Printed-Dress-Material-874887.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Red,FA682WA12UFNINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Yellow-Printed-Dress-Material-874889.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,FA682WA10UFPINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Cream-Printed-Dress-Material-874891.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,FA682WA08UFRINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Printed-Dress-Material-874893.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,FA682WA06UFTINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Black-Printed-Dress-Material-874897.html,Fabdeal,If you have an eye for colours then this vibrant dress material from Fabdeal will surely appeal to you.Featuring an attractive print this dress material will catch every passing eye. Made from crepe this dress material is durable and soft against skin. It includes a  top (2.00 m) bottom (2.50 m) and a dupatta (2.20 m).,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Black,FA682WA02UFXINDFAS,,,,Printed,Top Bottom Duppata,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Multi-Printed-Skirt-874901.html,Glam & Luxe,Complete your formal look for the day by wearing this multicoloured skirt from Glam & Luxe. Fashioned from cotton this skirt will ensure a comfortable and perfect fit. Complement it with a contrast coloured blouse or a blazer to leave a lasting impression on your colleagues.,Flared,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Multi,GL298WA98UGBINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/glam-luxe-Multi-Printed-Skirt-874903.html,Glam & Luxe,Complete your formal look for the day by wearing this multicoloured skirt from Glam & Luxe. Fashioned from cotton this skirt will ensure a comfortable and perfect fit. Complement it with a contrast coloured blouse or a blazer to leave a lasting impression on your colleagues.,Flared,Cotton,DRY CLEAN ONLY.,Regular,Multi,GL298WA96UGDINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875197.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Pink,AD371WA02URLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-875199.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of crepe this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Crepe,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Red,AD371WA00URNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/admyrin-Orange-Embroidered-Sarees-875201.html,Admyrin,Admyrin presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,First Wash Dry Clean Only,,Orange,AD371WA98URPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-90S-Crop-Top-875205.html,Miss Selfridge,Reimagine your winter evening silhouettes with the chic allure of this black spaghetti top from Miss Selfridge. Showcasing an on-trend design this top is best worked with a monochromatic pencil skirt. This regular-fit top is made from cotton spandex fabric.,Crop Tops,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MI479WA94URTINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-90S-Crop-Top-875207.html,Miss Selfridge,Reimagine your winter evening silhouettes with the chic allure of this white spaghetti top from Miss Selfridge. Showcasing an on-trend design this top is best worked with a monochromatic pencil skirt. This regular-fit top is made from cotton spandex fabric.,Crop Tops,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,MI479WA92URVINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Lace-Sleeve-Cardign-875209.html,Miss Selfridge,Chic it up this winter with this uber modish grey shrug from Miss Selfridge. While the attractive pattern on this shrug underlines its voguish draw its viscose spandex fabric makes it soft to touch and easy to wash.,,Viscose Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,MI479WA90URXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Zig-Zag-Duster-Jacket-875211.html,Miss Selfridge,Dial up your style quotient this winter by hitting the streets wearing this modish black jacket from Miss Selfridge. The voguish print on this jacket lends it its fashion appeal while its polycotton fabric promises lightweight comfort. It comes in regular fit.,Jackets,POLY COTTON,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MI479WA88URZINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Ikatt-Longline-Cardign-875213.html,Miss Selfridge,Chic it up this winter with this uber modish black shrug from Miss Selfridge. While the attractive pattern on this shrug underlines its voguish draw its acrylic blend fabric makes it soft to touch and easy to wash.,,ACRYLIC BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MI479WA86USBINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Zip-Peplum-Jacket-875215.html,Miss Selfridge,Dial up your style quotient this winter by hitting the streets wearing this modish grey jacket from Miss Selfridge. The voguish pattern on this jacket lends it its fashion appeal while its polycotton fabric promises lightweight comfort. It comes in regular fit.,Jackets,POLY COTTON,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,MI479WA84USDINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Emb-Tie-Cream-Jumper-875217.html,Miss Selfridge,Ramp up your winter vogue with this on-trend cream sweater from Miss Selfridge. Made from warm acrylic blend fabric this sweater can be used to complete both casual and semi-casual outfits. It comes in regular fit.,,ACRYLIC BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,MI479WA82USFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Scatter-Embellished-Sweater-875219.html,Miss Selfridge,Ramp up your winter vogue with this on-trend pink sweater from Miss Selfridge. Made from warm acrylic blend fabric this sweater can be used to complete both casual and semi-casual outfits. It comes in regular fit.,,ACRYLIC BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,MI479WA80USHINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Mnt-Tuck-Stitch-Lash-875221.html,Miss Selfridge,,,ACRYLIC BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,MI479WA78USJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Navajo-Tile-Skirt-875223.html,Miss Selfridge,Get a trendy winter look by wearing this black coloured pencil skirt from Miss Selfridge. Made from acrylic blend material this pencil skirt features Aztec pattern all over. You can team it with a high neck sweater and matching stilettos to complete your winter look.,Flared,ACRYLIC BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MI479WA76USLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Cream-Lace-Pussy-Bow-Top-875225.html,Miss Selfridge,Make a unique style statement this weekend wearing this on-trend cream top from Miss Selfridge. Knot styling on the front lends this top its voguish appeal while the polyester fabric affirms comfort. It comes in regular fit.,Blouses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Cream,MI479WA74USNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Pink-Wrap-Back-Tee-875227.html,Miss Selfridge,Leave everyone behind in the fashion race by wearing this pink coloured top for women from Miss Selfridge. Made from a blend of polyester and spandex this wrap back top has half sleeves and round neck. You can pair it with your favourite bottoms and get a messy hairdo to complete your casual look.,Blouses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,MI479WA72USPINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Geo-Printed-Jacket-875229.html,Miss Selfridge,Look stylish this winter by wearing this multicoloured winter jacket from Miss Selfridge. Made from a blend of polyester and spandex this jacket features gorgeous geometrical print all over. Team this jacket with whatever you wish to look stylish and urbane.,Jackets,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MI479WA70USRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Nde-Dble-Sequin-Skrt-875231.html,Miss Selfridge,Introduce pure vogue to your fall/winter wardrobe with this pink skirt from Miss Selfridge. Showcasing a unique embellished design this skirt promises utmost comfort too courtesy its poly spandex fabric. It comes in regular fit.,Flared,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,MI479WA68USTINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Dark-Drama-Tube-Skirt-875233.html,Miss Selfridge,Smarten up your off-duty vogue with this vibrant multicoloured skirt from Miss Selfridge. Made from soft polyester spandex fabric this floral-printed skirt is best worn with a crop top and stilettos.,Tulip,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,MI479WA66USVINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Mul-Lone-Star-Pencil-Skirt-875235.html,Miss Selfridge,,Pencil,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MI479WA64USXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Lonestar-Scuba-Bralet-875237.html,Miss Selfridge,Look stylish this fashion season by wearing this multicoloured top from Miss Selfridge. Made from a blend of polyester and spandex this top features gorgeous design all over. Team this top with skinny fit bottoms to complete your casual look.,Blouses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MI479WA62USZINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Blurred-Floral-Midi-Dress-875239.html,Miss Selfridge,,Maxi Dresses,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MI479WA60UTBINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Layla-Maxi-Dress-875241.html,Miss Selfridge,Accentuate your femininity wearing this black coloured maxi dress from the house of Miss Selfridge. Made of polyester this dress for women is quite comfortable to wear. Featuring regular fit this maxi dress is ideal to be worn to social gatherings.,Maxi Dresses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MI479WA58UTDINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Lulu-Sequin-Jacket-875243.html,Miss Selfridge,,Jackets,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MI479WA56UTFINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Peach-Mia-Sweet-Heart-Dress-875245.html,Miss Selfridge,Chic and elegant is this peach coloured dress from Miss Selfridge. A statement piece to make an unforgettable appearance at an upcoming party this polyester dress is figure hugging and features a sheer sweetheart neckline. The sparkling embellishment all over will bring out the style diva in you. Add a touch of drama as you team this regular-fit dress with black strappy sandals metal jewellery and a clutch.,Skater Dresses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Peach,MI479WA54UTHINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Kl-Butterfly-Dress-875247.html,Miss Selfridge,,Shift Dresses,Polyester,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,MI479WA52UTJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Nde-Fur-Fit-And-Flre-875249.html,Miss Selfridge,Put your best look forward wearing this pink coloured jacket from the house of Miss Selfridge. Made of viscose spandex this jacket ensures a comfortable wear. Featuring regular fit this fur jacket will be a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.,Jackets,Viscose Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,MI479WA50UTLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Black-Fur-Fit-And-Flare-Coat-875251.html,Miss Selfridge,,Jackets,Viscose Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,MI479WA48UTNINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Blue-Fur-Collar-Pea-Coat-875253.html,Miss Selfridge,,Jackets,POLY WOOL,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,MI479WA46UTPINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/miss-selfridge-Peach-Ponti-Blazer-875255.html,Miss Selfridge,Miss Selfridge presents this,Fitted Blazers,Viscose Spandex(Stretchable),GENTLE WASH,Fitted BlazersRegular,Peach,MI479WA44UTRINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Amelie-Superskinny-Blue-Jeans-875383.html,River Island,Your wardrobe is incomplete without this pair of blue jeans by River Island. Featuring a 5-pocket design and excellent finish these jeans will stretch well to your body movements courtesy the fine cotton spandex fabric. Team these jeans with your best tops or casual shirts to perfect your casual look for the day.,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),,,Blue,RI264WA16UYPINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Blue-Scarf-Print-Shirt-875387.html,River Island,Stand out from the crowd this season by wearing this blue shirt by River Island. Featuring a solid back and a striking print on the front it will surely put you in the spotlight. The fine polyester fabric further ensures a featherlike feel.,,Polyester,,,Blue,RI264WA12UYTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Sasha-Deep-Plunge-Pencil-Dress-875389.html,River Island,Extremely elegant and chic in design this multicoloured dress by River Island will become your favourite within seconds. The play of prints over it and the deep and plunging V-neck make it a hard-to-miss piece. Put on this sleeveless pencil dress to feel absolutely comfortable all day long as it is fashioned from polyester. All you need with it is a pair of high heels and a smart watch to exude a dazzling look.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester,,,Multi,RI264WA10UYVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Pink-Notch-Neck-Khloe-Dress-875391.html,River Island,Perfect your cocktail meet silhouette this winter wearing this pink dress from River Island. Showcasing an on-trend design this chic number is best worked with stilettos and a box clutch. It is made from polyester fabric.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,,Pink,RI264WA08UYXINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Knee Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Velvet-Freddie-Lace-Sleeve-Dress-875393.html,River Island,Make a stellar impact on people around you wearing this navy blue coloured dress from the house of River Island. Exemplifying comfort this dress will stay soft against your skin. This snazzy dress will look perfect when paired with black stockings and sky-high heels.,Shift Dresses,Polyester Blend,,,Navy Blue,RI264WA06UYZINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Floral-Print-Kimono-875395.html,River Island,Give a floral dimension to your winter wardrobe with this multicoloured shrug from River Island. Made from soft cotton fabric this floral-printed shrug is sure to look wonderful with pastel trousers and wedges.,,Cotton,,,Multi,RI264WA04UZBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Blocked-Drape-Cardi-875397.html,River Island,A perfect pick for your casual and semi-casual outings with friends is this grey shrug from River Island. This shrug not only has modish design but is also comfortable to wear and easy to maintain courtesy its polyester blend fabric.,,Polyester Spandex(Stretchable),,,Black,RI264WA02UZDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/river-island-Sleeveles-Round-Neck-Sasha-Dress-875399.html,River Island,Be the showstopper at the upcoming party wearing something classy like thisdress from River Island. Fashioned from polyester this dress is extremely comfortable to wear and will certainly accentuate your curvaceous figure. Complement this dress with high heels and a neckpiece for a stunning look.,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,,Black,RI264WA00UZFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Green-Front-Open-Zipper-Cardigan-875401.html,United Colors of Benetton,Be the beautiful one by wearing this green coloured sweater for women from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Green,UN573WA98UZHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-Front-Open-Zipper-Cardigan-875405.html,United Colors of Benetton,Be the beautiful one when wearing this purple coloured sweater for women from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA94UZLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,High Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Green-Basic-V-Neck-Sweater-875407.html,United Colors of Benetton,Flaunt your incredible dressing sense this season by wearing this green coloured sweater for women from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Green,UN573WA92UZNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Orange-Basic-V-Neck-Sweater-875409.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get a stylish winter look by wearing this orange coloured sweater from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Orange,UN573WA90UZPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-Basic-V-Neck-Sweater-875411.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA88UZRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Green-Basic-Cardigan-875413.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get a colourful winter look by wearing this green coloured cardigan for women from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Green,UN573WA86UZTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-Basic-Cardigan-875415.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA84UZVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Purple-Basic-Cardigan-875417.html,United Colors of Benetton,If simplicity is your mantra then this purple cardigan by,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Purple,UN573WA82UZXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Beige-Poncho-Style-Loose-Style-875419.html,United Colors of Benetton,For women who like to experiment with unconventional fashion this beige coloured sweater from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Beige,UN573WA80UZZINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-Poncho-Style-Loose-Style-875421.html,United Colors of Benetton,For women who like to experiment with unconventional fashion this pink coloured sweater from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA78VABINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-Sweater-875423.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA76VADINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Maroon-Elbow-Length-Top-With-Neckless-875425.html,United Colors of Benetton,If simplicity is your mantra then this maroon top by,,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Maroon,UN573WA74VAFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Multi-Sweater-875431.html,United Colors of Benetton,Channel a chic sophisticated look this winter by donning this grey sweater by,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Multi,UN573WA68VALINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Sweater-875433.html,United Colors of Benetton,Channel a chic sophisticated look this winter by donning this grey sweater by,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA66VANINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Yellow-F-Slv-Boat-Neck-Striper-Sweater-875439.html,United Colors of Benetton,Yellow in colour this voguish sweater from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Yellow,UN573WA60VATINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-F-Slv-Boat-Neck-Striper-Sweater-875441.html,United Colors of Benetton,Pink in colour this voguish sweater from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA58VAVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-3-4Th-Slv-Tunic-Length-Sweater-875445.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get known for your easy and impressive style sense by wearing this blue coloured sweater for women from,,Wool,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA54VAZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Red-3-4Th-Slv-Tunic-Length-Sweater-875447.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get known for your easy and impressive style sense by wearing this red coloured sweater for women from,,Wool,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Red,UN573WA52VBBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-L-Slv-Cropped-Top-With-3-Print-875449.html,United Colors of Benetton,Synonymous with class and elegance this blue coloured sweater from the house of,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA50VBDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-L-Slv-Cropped-Top-With-3-Print-875451.html,United Colors of Benetton,For women who like to experiment with unconventional fashion this fuchsia coloured sweater from,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA48VBFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-M-875453.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look hot and glamorous this winter by donning this grey mlange coloured cardigan by,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA46VBHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Peach-Loose-Sweater-875455.html,United Colors of Benetton,Add a dash of style to your glamorous look by donning this peach sweater by,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Peach,UN573WA44VBJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-F-Slv-Nordic-Pattern-Monochrome-Sweater-875457.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA42VBLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Overcoat-With-Stud-At-Nck-875459.html,United Colors of Benetton,Your new winter look will surely get you noticed as you wear this blue coloured long sweater from,Long Coats,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA40VBNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-Loose-Striper-Sweater-875461.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA38VBPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Brown-Loose-Striper-Sweater-875463.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look edgy and trendy wearing this brown coloured sweater from the house of,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Brown,UN573WA36VBRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-L-Sv-Top-With-Button-On-Side-875465.html,United Colors of Benetton,Make a distinct style statement wearing this black coloured sweater from the house of,,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA34VBTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-L-Sv-Top-With-Button-On-Side-875467.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA32VBVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Turtle-Neck-Sweater-875469.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get this blue coloured turtle neck sweater for women from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA30VBXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Turtle Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-Turtle-Neck-Sweater-875471.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get this pink coloured turtle neck sweater for women from,,Wool Blend,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA28VBZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Turtle Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-F-Slv-Tricot-Top-With-Detachble-Collar-875475.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get a sophisticated and stylish winter look by wearing this grey coloured sweater for women from,,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA24VCDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Maroon-Sweater-875477.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look smart this winter wearing this maroon coloured sweater from,,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Maroon,UN573WA22VCFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Winter-Jacket-875479.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Jackets,100% POLYESTER,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA20VCHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Multi-Check-Quilted-Jacket-875483.html,United Colors of Benetton,Give your winter dressing a trendy touch with this multicoloured jacket from,Jackets,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA16VCLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Multi-Printed-Quilted-Jacket-875485.html,United Colors of Benetton,offers this multicoloured jacket that will be a stylish pick for modern women. Featuring a trendy round neck full front zip and colourful floral print all over this full-sleeved jacket will help you make a distinct style statement. Made from 100% cotton this regular-fit jacket will help you stay relaxed all day long.,Jackets,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Multi,UN573WA14VCNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-Patterned-Jacket-875487.html,United Colors of Benetton,Give your winter dressing a trendy touch with this black coloured jacket from,Jackets,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA12VCPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Off-White-F-Slv-Tee-With-Girl-Face-Print-875491.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look trendy and super cool by wearing this off-white coloured T-shirt from,Round Neck,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Off White,UN573WA08VCTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckBoat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Loose-Top-With-Pleats-At-Front-875493.html,United Colors of Benetton,Flaunt a no-fuss look as you wear this blue colouredtopfrom the house of,Crop Tops,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA06VCVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-Loose-Top-With-Pleats-At-Front-875495.html,United Colors of Benetton,Take 9-to-5 look to a new level as you wear this top in grey colour from the house of,Tube Tops,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA04VCXINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-L-Slv-Jacquard-Sweat-875501.html,United Colors of Benetton,Hit the streets in style this winter season by wearing this grey sweatshirt by,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA98VDDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Wine-L-Slv-Jacquard-Sweat-875503.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get known for your easy and impressive style sense by wearing this wine coloured Jacquard sweatshirt for women from,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Wine,UN573WA96VDFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-F-Slv-Tee-With-Photgraphic-Print-875505.html,United Colors of Benetton,Be the cutest head-turner in the town by slipping into this blue T-shirt by,Round Neck,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA94VDHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-Tee-With-Photgraphic-Print-875507.html,United Colors of Benetton,Be the head-turner in the town by slipping into this grey T-shirt by,Round Neck,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA92VDJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Beige-Loose-Top-With-Woven-Printd-Panel-At-Frn-875509.html,United Colors of Benetton,Spruce up your casual look for the day wearing this beige coloured top from,Blouses,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Beige,UN573WA90VDLINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Green-S-Less-Top-With-Pleats-At-Shoulder-875511.html,United Colors of Benetton,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer wearing this green coloured topby,Tube Tops,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Green,UN573WA88VDNINDFAS,Sleeveless,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-S-Less-Top-With-Pleats-At-Shoulder-875513.html,United Colors of Benetton,Dress up your summer sensibility as you wear thisgrey colouredtopfrom the house of,Tube Tops,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA86VDPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Reversible-Sweatshirt-875515.html,United Colors of Benetton,Flaunt your incredible dressing sense this season by wearing this blue coloured sweatshirt for women from,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA84VDRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Orange-Reversible-Sweatshirt-875517.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get a colourful winter look by wearing this orange coloured sweatshirt for women from,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Orange,UN573WA82VDTINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-F-Slv-Basic-V-Neck-Top-875519.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look stunning when wearing this black coloured topfrom the house of,Blouses,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA80VDVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-Full-Sleeve-Basic-V-Neck-Top-875521.html,United Colors of Benetton,Make guys forget the world when you wear this topfrom the house of,Blouses,100% Viscose,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA78VDXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Maroon-Sweatshirt-With-Check-Fabric-In-Hood-875523.html,United Colors of Benetton,Flaunt your incredible dressing sense this season by wearing this maroon coloured sweatshirt for women from,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Maroon,UN573WA76VDZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Off-White-Sweatshirt-With-Check-Fabric-In-Hood-875525.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get a sportier look this winter by wearing this off-white coloured sweatshirt for women from,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Off White,UN573WA74VEBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-F-Slv-Sweat-With-Number-Print-Emb-875527.html,United Colors of Benetton,Slip into this black coloured sweatshirt from,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA72VEDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-Frnt-Opn-Sweat-With-Logo-Core-875529.html,United Colors of Benetton,Simple and stylish this black coloured front-open sweater from,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA70VEFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Orange-Frnt-Opn-Sweat-With-Logo-Core-875531.html,United Colors of Benetton,offers this stylish orange coloured sweatshirt for women which you will know is the best when you see it. This front open sweatshirt features a hood and is regular in fit. Made from 100% cotton it will be the perfect warmth provider for you. Team it with a simple pair of jeans and you will still look very trendy.,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Orange,UN573WA68VEHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Magenta-Frnt-Opn-Sweat-With-Logo-Core-875533.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get a sportier look this winter by wearing this sweatshirt for women from,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Magenta,UN573WA66VEJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Hooded,Hip Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Off-White-Tee-With-Gathers-At-Back-875535.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Round Neck,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Off White,UN573WA64VELINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-F-Slv-Melange-Sweat-With-Zipper-At-Pkt-875537.html,United Colors of Benetton,Impress everyone with your amazing dressing sense this winter by donning this grey sweatshirt by,,Cotton Poly,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA62VENINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-Floral-Quilted-Sweat-875539.html,United Colors of Benetton,Impress everyone with your amazing dressing sense this winter by donning this grey sweatshirt by,,Cotton Poly,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Grey,UN573WA60VEPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Floral-Quilted-Sweat-875541.html,United Colors of Benetton,Stun your fashion-loving pals with your amazing casual look by wearing this blue sweatshirt by,,Cotton Poly,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA58VERINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Cropped-Length-Tee-With-Foil-Print-875545.html,United Colors of Benetton,Stay ahead of the fashion pack and look glamorous by wearing this blue T- shirt by,Round Neck,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA54VEVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-Cropped-Length-Tee-With-Foil-Print-875547.html,United Colors of Benetton,Stay ahead of the fashion pack and look glamorous by wearing this pink T- shirt by,Round Neck,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Pink,UN573WA52VEXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-Slim-Fit-Jacquard-Pants-With-Zipper-At-S-875551.html,United Colors of Benetton,Take a relaxed approach towards fashion by slipping into these black coloured chinos for women from,Chinos,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA48VFBINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Denim-Skirt-With-Detachable-Chain-On-Pkt-875555.html,United Colors of Benetton,Create your own unique style by getting this blue coloured skirt by,Flared,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA44VFFINDFAS,,,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Slim-Fit-Dnm-Wth-Detachble-Chain-On-Pkt-875557.html,United Colors of Benetton,Blue in colour these slim-fit jeans for women by,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Slim,Blue,UN573WA42VFHINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-Slim-Fit-Pleated-Pants-875561.html,United Colors of Benetton,You will surely become the cutest head turner in town when you team a crisp white shirt with this pair of black chinos by,Chinos,100% POLYESTER,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA38VFLINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Slim-Fit-Pleated-Pants-875563.html,United Colors of Benetton,Perfect your casual look for the day by wearing this pair of blue chinos by,Chinos,100% POLYESTER,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA36VFNINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-F-Slv-Dress-With-V-At-Back-875565.html,United Colors of Benetton,Jet from day to night with ease wearing thisdressby,Shift Dresses,100% POLYESTER,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA34VFPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-F-Slv-Dress-With-V-At-Back-875567.html,United Colors of Benetton,Give a stylish update to yoursartorial look wearing thisdressby,Shift Dresses,100% POLYESTER,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA32VFRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-Slim-Fit-Formal-Pant-With-Front-Crease-875569.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Chinos,100% POLYESTER,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Black,UN573WA30VFTINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Ankle-Length-Slim-Fit-Basic-5-Pkt-Denim-875575.html,United Colors of Benetton,Keep your look lively as you wear thesejeans in blue colour from the house of,,Cotton Spandex (Stretchable),Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Slim,Blue,UN573WA24VFZINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Check-Shirt-875577.html,United Colors of Benetton,Get this blue coloured chequered shirt for women from,,100% Cotton,Do not bleach  wash dark color seperately Do not wring,Regular,Blue,UN573WA22VGBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-Sweater-875593.html,United Colors of Benetton,Be ready to get endless compliments each time you wear this sweater from,,Wool,,,Black,UN573WA06VGRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Pant-875595.html,United Colors of Benetton,Classy and unique these blue coloured track pants from,Coloured Pants,Cotton,,,Blue,UN573WA04VGTINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Yellow-T-Shirt-875597.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look trendy and super cool by wearing this yellow coloured T-shirt from,Round Neck,Cotton,,,Yellow,UN573WA02VGVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Pant-875599.html,United Colors of Benetton,Classy and unique these blue coloured track pants from,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Blue,UN573WA00VGXINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Jeans-875601.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look casual and trendy wearing these blue coloured jeans from,,COTTON BLEND,,,Blue,UN573WA98VGZINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Pant-875603.html,United Colors of Benetton,Dress down in style over this weekend by teaming these blue coloured jeans from,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Blue,UN573WA96VHBINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Navy-Blue-Coloured-Pant-875607.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look casual and trendy wearing these blue coloured jeans from,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Navy Blue,UN573WA92VHFINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Black-Coloured-Pant-875609.html,United Colors of Benetton,Spruce up your wardrobe this season with these black jeans from,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Black,UN573WA90VHHINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Pant-875611.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Blue,UN573WA88VHJINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Pant-875613.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,COTTON BLEND,,,Blue,UN573WA86VHLINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Jeans-875615.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,COTTON BLEND,,,Blue,UN573WA84VHNINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-Shirt-875617.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,POLY COTTON,,,Pink,UN573WA82VHPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Navy-Blue-Dress-875623.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Shift Dresses,Polyester,,,Navy Blue,UN573WA76VHVINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Thigh Length,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Jumpsuits-875625.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Coloured Pants,Polyester,,,Blue,UN573WA74VHXINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Pant-875631.html,United Colors of Benetton,Stay stylish and glamorous by wearing this pair of blue woven pants by,Coloured Pants,Polyester,,,Blue,UN573WA68VIDINDFAS,,,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Green-Coloured-Pant-875633.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Green,UN573WA66VIFINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Orange-Coloured-Pant-875635.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Orange,UN573WA64VIHINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Magenta-Coloured-Pant-875637.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Magenta,UN573WA62VIJINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Lavender-Coloured-Pant-875639.html,United Colors of Benetton,Chic and trendy these purple coloured pants from,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Lavender,UN573WA60VILINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Navy-Blue-Coloured-Pant-875643.html,United Colors of Benetton,Step out in style wearing these blue coloured pants from the house of,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Navy Blue,UN573WA56VIPINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Jeans-875647.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look noticeably glamorous by donning this pair of blue jeans by,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Blue,UN573WA52VITINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Dark-Grey-Coloured-Jeans-875649.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look noticeably glamorous by donning this pair of black jeans by,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Dark Grey,UN573WA50VIVINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Blue-Coloured-Pant-875651.html,United Colors of Benetton,Put your best casual look forward by wearing this pair of trousers from,Coloured Pants,COTTON BLEND,,,Blue,UN573WA48VIXINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Green-Shirt-875653.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,POLY COTTON,,,Green,UN573WA46VIZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-White-Shirt-875655.html,United Colors of Benetton,Look stylish like never before by wearing this white shirt from,,POLY COTTON,,,White,UN573WA44VJBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Off-White-Top-875657.html,United Colors of Benetton,presents this off-white coloured top which will be a wonderful addition to your wardrobe. Made of polycotton this top is quite comfortable to wear. Offering an amazing fit this top will look perfect when paired with slim-fit denims and wedges.,Blouses,POLY COTTON,,,Off White,UN573WA42VJDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Pink-Shirt-875659.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,POLY COTTON,,,Pink,UN573WA40VJFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-White-Shirt-875661.html,United Colors of Benetton,Stand out in the crowd wearing this white coloured shirt from the house of,,POLY COTTON,,,White,UN573WA38VJHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Waist Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Orange-Shirt-875663.html,United Colors of Benetton,,,POLY COTTON,,,Orange,UN573WA36VJJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Light-Blue-Color-Shirt-875665.html,United Colors of Benetton,If you are thinking of adding a summer basic to your wardrobe then this blue coloured shirt from,,POLY COTTON,,,Light Blue,UN573WA34VJLINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Green-Coloured-Pant-875667.html,United Colors of Benetton,Spruce up your cool and trendy look wearing these green coloured track pants from the house of,Coloured Pants,Cotton,,,Green,UN573WA32VJNINDFAS,,,Full Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Grey-T-Shirt-875669.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Round Neck,Cotton,,,Grey,UN573WA30VJPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/United-Colors-of-Benetton-Navy-Blue-Color-Dress-875671.html,United Colors of Benetton,,Shift Dresses,COTTON BLEND,,,Navy Blue,UN573WA28VJRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Orange-Embroidered-Lehengas-875703.html,Fabdeal,To be the best of the best one needs to be identified in the best attire and what is better than this gorgeous,,Georgette,DRYCLEAN,,Orange,FA682WA96VKXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Lehenga Choli and Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Blue-Embroidered-Lehengas-875705.html,Fabdeal,Where the day begins and the sunshine is felt like warmth that is the kind of presence this dress gives you. Its lovely design and special fabrics like georgette and satin lehenga with a velvet blouse and graced with a georgette dupatta. Its simply marvelous.,,Satin,DRYCLEAN,,Blue,FA682WA94VKZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Lehenga Choli and Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Red-Embroidered-Lehengas-875707.html,Fabdeal,Shine out like a diamond in the night awesomeness These festive occasions will be intensified with your special presence in this lovely design crafted in a georgette lehenga and a raw silk blouse. The whole attire is enhanced by the georgette dupatta.,,Silk,DRYCLEAN,,Red,FA682WA92VLBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Lehenga Choli and Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Off-White-Embroidered-Lehengas-875711.html,Fabdeal,Feel the exotic touch with this amazing,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Off White,FA682WA88VLFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Lehenga Choli and Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Lehengas-875713.html,Fabdeal,Get ready to be a perfect bride with this awesome collection that has come with rich embroidered work to lure the audience and appeal showers of compliments. This,,Crepe,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA86VLHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Lehenga Choli and Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Pink-Embroidered-Lehengas-875717.html,Fabdeal,Discover the hidden bride in you! Drape this stunning,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Pink,FA682WA82VLLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Lehenga Choli and Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/fabdeal-Red-Embroidered-Lehengas-875725.html,Fabdeal,Take a step away from the regular fashion and style and adapt to the latest ethnic fashion. The new and interesting,,Net,DRYCLEAN,,Red,FA682WA74VLTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,Lehenga Choli and Dupatta,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Cotton-Blend-Auqa-Blue-Top-875727.html,Nike,Melt the rainbow when you wear this topby,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Aqua Blue,NI091WA72VLVINDFAS,Short Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Cotton-Blend-Blue-3-4Ths-875729.html,Nike,Now exercise more efficiently and comfortably by wearing these blue coloured 3/4ths that come from,,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,NI091WA70VLXINDFAS,,,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Cotton-Blend-Pink-Top-875731.html,Nike,Revamp your wardrobe for the summer wearing this topfrom the house of,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,NI091WA68VLZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Cotton-Blend-Red-Top-875733.html,Nike,Add pizzazz to your look wearing red coloured topby,Blouses,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,NI091WA66VMBINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Cotton-Blend-Purple-T-Shirt-875735.html,Nike,,V Neck,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,NI091WA64VMDINDFAS,,V Neck,,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Polyester-Blend-Multi-Top-875737.html,Nike,Add pizzazz to your look as you wear this multicoloured top from the house of,Blouses,Polyester Blend,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,NI091WA62VMFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Cotton-Blend-Purple-T-Shirt-875739.html,Nike,Get a sporty look wearing this purple coloured T-shirt for women from,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,NI091WA60VMHINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Nike-Cotton-Blend-Purple-T-Shirt-875741.html,Nike,Get a sporty look when wearing this purple coloured T-shirt for women from,Round Neck,COTTON BLEND,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,NI091WA58VMJINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round NeckRound Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Pink-Kurti-875743.html,Sangria,If simplicity is your mantra then this kurti by Sangria will surely appeal to you. Featuring a beautiful yoke it will make you stand out from the crowd. Tailored in regular fit from cotton it also ensures maximum breathability and a soft feel.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Pink,SA038WA56VMLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Blue-Kurti-875745.html,Sangria,Look stunning as never before by wearing this blue coloured kurtaby Sangria. This flared round neck kurtareflects class in the simplest manner. You will not only accentuate your feminine charm by wearing it but will also experience blissful comfort courtesy its cotton make. Match it with yellow coloured leggings and complement it with a pair of jhumkis to look the prettiest of all.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Blue,SA038WA54VMNINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Yellow-Kurti-875747.html,Sangria,Look more stunning than everby wearing this yellow coloured kurti by Sangria. This flared round neck kurti featuringpink coloured printed 3/4th sleeves reflects class in the simplest manner. You will not only accentuate your feminine charm by wearing it but will also experience blissful comfort courtesy its cotton make. Match it with a pair of bright coloured leggings and complement it with big jhumkis to look the prettiest of all.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Yellow,SA038WA52VMPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Orange-Kurti-875749.html,Sangria,Look stunning as never before by wearing this orange coloured kurti by Sangria. This flared round neck kurti reflects class in the simplest manner. You will not only accentuate your feminine charm by wearing it but will also experience blissful comfort courtesy its cotton make. Match it with a pair of bright coloured leggings and complement it with big jhumkis to look the prettiest of all.,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Orange,SA038WA50VMRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Fuchsia-Kurti-875751.html,Sangria,Stow away your old stuff wearing this fuchsia coloured kurta&nbsp,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Fuchsia,SA038WA48VMTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Black-Kurti-875753.html,Sangria,If simplicity is your mantra then this black kurti by Sangria will surely appeal to you. Featuring a mandarin collar and a buttoned placket it will lend you a sophisticated look in no time. Made of cotton this regular-fit kurti also ensures maximum breathability.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Black,SA038WA46VMVINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-White-Kurti-875755.html,Sangria,,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,White,SA038WA44VMXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Calf Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Yellow-Kurti-875757.html,Sangria,<p>Make the girls go green wearing this&nbsp,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Yellow,SA038WA42VMZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Blue-Kurti-875759.html,Sangria,<p>Melt the rainbow when you wear this blue coloured kurta&nbsp,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Blue,SA038WA40VNBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Green-Kurti-875761.html,Sangria,To get the perfect graceful look buy this green coloured kurti by Sangria. This 3/4th sleeved kurti features mandarin collar and a beautifully printed yoke that will not fail to catch your attention. Made from cotton this flared kurta will provide you with immeasurable comfort. Team it with white leggings and a vibrant dupatta and look dazzling.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Green,SA038WA38VNDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Pink-Kurti-875763.html,Sangria,To get the perfect graceful look buy this pink coloured kurti by Sangria. This 3/4th sleeved kurti features a mandarin collar and a beautifully printed yoke that will not fail to catch your attention. Made from cotton this flared kurta will provide you with immeasurable comfort. Team it with gold coloured leggings and a vibrant dupatta tolook dazzling.,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Pink,SA038WA36VNFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Pink-Kurti-875765.html,Sangria,Earn an all-access pass as you wear this kurtifrom the house of Sangria. Designed with absolute perfection this cotton kurta issoft against the skin and will keep you at ease. Team it with contrasting churidar and Kolhapuris to complete your look for the day.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Pink,SA038WA34VNHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Aqua-Blue-Kurti-875767.html,Sangria,To get the perfect graceful look buy this aqua blue coloured kurti by Sangria. This 3/4th sleeved kurti features a mandarin collar and a beautifully printed yoke that will not fail to catch your attention. Made from cotton this flared kurti will provide you with immeasurable comfort. Team it with bright coloured leggings and a chic dupatta tolook dazzling.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Aqua Blue,SA038WA32VNJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Blue-Kurti-875769.html,Sangria,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe when you wear this blue coloured kurta&nbsp,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Blue,SA038WA30VNLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Off-White-Kurti-875771.html,Sangria,If simplicity is your mantra then this off-white coloured kurti by Sangria will surely appeal to you. Featuring a beautiful yoke and a mandarin collar it will make you stand out from the crowd. Tailored in regular fit from cotton it also ensures maximum breathability and a soft feel.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Off White,SA038WA28VNNINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Off-White-Kurti-875773.html,Sangria,Simple and classy in looks this off-white coloured kurti by Sangria will charm you instantly. It flaunts an elegant look with an interestingly printed yoke. Featuring regularfit this cotton kurti will flow smoothly over your body. Team it with contrast coloured leggings to complete your chic ensemble.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Off White,SA038WA26VNPINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Off-White-Kurti-875775.html,Sangria,Bring out the best in you wearing this off-white coloured kurta from the house of Sangria. Made of cotton this kurta ensures total comfort and breathability. Featuring regular fit this kurta will look perfect when paired with a green coloured churidar.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Off White,SA038WA24VNRINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-White-Kurti-875777.html,Sangria,,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,White,SA038WA22VNTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Beige-Kurti-875779.html,Sangria,Stun everyone with your amazing traditional look by wearing this beige coloured kurta by Sangria. Adorned with an interesting print it will lend you a graceful look in no time. Made of cotton this regular-fit kurta also promises maximum breathability.,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Beige,SA038WA20VNVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Green-Kurti-875781.html,Sangria,Simple and classy in look this green coloured kurti by Sangria will charm you instantly. It flaunts an elegant look and an interestingly printed yoke and a broad border. Featuring regularfit this cotton kurti will flow smoothly over your body. Team it with contrast coloured leggings to complete your chic ensemble.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Green,SA038WA18VNXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Blue-Kurti-875785.html,Sangria,Box the sartorial elegance and push it down the road wearing this blue colouredkurtaby Sangria. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of the soft cotton fabric. This attractivekurtawill surely fetch you compliments for your rich sense of style.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Blue,SA038WA14VOBINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Red-Kurti-875787.html,Sangria,Embrace your beauty and look vibrant wearing this kurta for women from Sangria. The pretty design makes this kurta look absolutely fashionable and classy. Made from cotton this regular-fit kurta is light in weight and comfortable to wear all day long.,Kurti,CottonCotton,,Regular,Red,SA038WA12VODINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,,,,,Cotton,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Orange-Kurti-875789.html,Sangria,A perfect pick for women on the go is this orange coloured kurti from Sangria. Featuring an eye-catching print all over and a stylishly done hem and cuffs this kurti will lend you a look worth flaunting. The trendy mandarin collar will further spruce up your ethnic look for the day. Made from cotton this regular-fit kurti is comfortable to wear all day long.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Orange,SA038WA10VOFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Orange-Kurti-875791.html,Sangria,You will become the cutest head turner in the town when you wear this orange and blue coloured kurta by Sangria. Adorned with a chic print it exhibits contrast coloured fabric trims for a more feminine feel. Made of cotton this regular-fit kurta is also extremely skin friendly.,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Orange,SA038WA08VOHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Maroon-Kurti-875793.html,Sangria,Flaunt a new ethnic look wearing this maroon coloured kurti from Sangria. Featuring trendy sleeves full front button placket stylish neck and an eye-catching print all over this kurti will soon become your favourite. Made from cotton this regular-fit kurti can be comfortably worn all day long.,Kurti,CottonCotton,,Regular,Maroon,SA038WA06VOJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Thigh Length,,,,,Cotton,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-White-Kurti-875795.html,Sangria,Try something new that's perfect for this seasonwearing thiskurtaby Sangria. Made from cotton this kurta is light in weight and perfect for daily wear. Pair it with matching leggings and sandals to get complimented for your classy choice.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,White,SA038WA04VOLINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Green-Kurti-875797.html,Sangria,<p>If versatality is your game wearing this kurta&nbsp,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Green,SA038WA02VONINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Orange-Kurti-875799.html,Sangria,<p>For an unexpected update to any outfit when you wear this kurta&nbsp,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Orange,SA038WA00VOPINDFAS,Sleeveless,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Green-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-875801.html,Sangria,Sangria offers a beautifully designed green coloured suit set that will add a unique charm to your ethnic look. Comprising a stylish A-line kameez churidar and a dupatta this suit set will soon become your favourite. The beautifully printed yoke and hem along with a double shade dupatta will help you make a distinct style statement.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Cotton,,Regular,Green,SA038WA98VORINDFAS,,,,,PACK OF 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Green-Kurti-875803.html,Sangria,,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Green,SA038WA96VOTINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Pink-Churidar-Kameez-Dupatta-875805.html,Sangria,Add more colours to your ethnic wear collection by getting this pink coloured suit set by Sangria. This set comprises 3/4th-sleeved flared kurta and contrasting green coloured churidar and dupatta. The kurta flaunts an elegantly designed border and slight embroidery around its neckline. This regular-fit suit set will be extremely comfortable to wear as it is made from cotton. It can be worn to office as wellto display your chic side.,Churidar Kameez Dupatta,Cotton,,Regular,Pink,SA038WA94VOVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Full Length,,PACK OF 3,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Off-White-Kurti-875807.html,Sangria,Looking for a way to diversify your attire for the day? Then go ahead and wear this kurta in off white colour from the house of Sangria. Designed with absolute perfection this&nbsp,Kurta,Cotton,,Regular,Off White,SA038WA92VOXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Maroon-Kurti-875809.html,Sangria,Look sophisticated wearing this maroon kurti by Sangria. Featuring a striking pattern on the yoke it will earn you all positive reviews from fashion lovers. Tailored in regular fit from cotton it also ensures maximum breathability and a soft feel.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Maroon,SA038WA90VOZINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Red-Kurti-875811.html,Sangria,Flaunt your love for unique designs by wearing this red coloured kurta for women from Sangria. Tailored in regular fit this kurta will complement leggings or pencil pants. Made from cotton this kurta is fine in quality and comfortable to wear.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Red,SA038WA88VPBINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Blue-Kurti-875813.html,Sangria,Flaunt your love for unique designs by wearing this purple coloured kurta for women from Sangria. Tailored in regular fit this kurta will complement leggings or pencil pants. Made from cotton this kurta is fine in quality and comfortable to wear.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Blue,SA038WA86VPDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Mandarin Collar,Thigh Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Sangria-Cotton-Off-White-Kurti-875815.html,Sangria,Your gorgeous look will get further enhanced the moment you slip into this off-white coloured kurti by Sangria. This round neck full-sleeved kurti is a stunning piece of outfitas it flaunts an eye-catching print on its yoke and both the sleeves. Made from cotton it will be soft and comfortable to wear all day long. Wear it with matching churidar anddupatta to fetch a charming overall appearance.,Kurti,Cotton,,Regular,Off White,SA038WA84VPFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875817.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean,,Pink,IN101WA82VPHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-875819.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean,,Green,IN101WA80VPJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Embroidered-Sarees-875821.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Orange,IN101WA78VPLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-875823.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Yellow,IN101WA76VPNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-White-Embroidered-Sarees-875825.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,White,IN101WA74VPPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-875827.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean,,Blue,IN101WA72VPRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-875829.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Green,IN101WA70VPTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-875831.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of brasso this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,BRASSO,Dry Clean,,Green,IN101WA68VPVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Embroidered-Sarees-875833.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Orange,IN101WA66VPXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Magenta-Embroidered-Sarees-875835.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this magenta coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,Dry Clean,,Magenta,IN101WA64VPZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-875837.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Red,IN101WA62VQBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Embroidered-Sarees-875839.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Black,IN101WA60VQDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875841.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Pink,IN101WA58VQFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Brown-Embroidered-Sarees-875843.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this brown coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean,,Brown,IN101WA56VQHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Orange-Embroidered-Sarees-875845.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,Dry Clean,,Orange,IN101WA54VQJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Black-Embroidered-Sarees-875847.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this black coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Black,IN101WA52VQLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-875849.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean,,Yellow,IN101WA50VQNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875851.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Pink,IN101WA48VQPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-875853.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Yellow,IN101WA46VQRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875855.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Pink,IN101WA44VQTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-875857.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of brasso this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,BRASSO,Dry Clean,,Yellow,IN101WA42VQVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875859.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Pink,IN101WA40VQXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Brown-Embroidered-Sarees-875861.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this brown coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Brown,IN101WA38VQZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-875863.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Yellow,IN101WA36VRBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-875865.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Green,IN101WA34VRDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-875867.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Yellow,IN101WA32VRFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/inddus-Peach-Embroidered-Sarees-875869.html,Inddus,Inddus presents this peach coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean,,Peach,IN101WA30VRHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,1.Saree 2. Blouse,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Magenta-Embroidered-Sarees-875871.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this magenta coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Magenta,BA435WA28VRJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Cream-Embroidered-Sarees-875873.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,BA435WA26VRLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875875.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,BA435WA24VRNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Green-Embroidered-Sarees-875877.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this green coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Green,BA435WA22VRPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875879.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,BA435WA20VRRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Cream-Embroidered-Sarees-875881.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,BA435WA18VRTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-875883.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of brasso this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,BRASSO,Dry Clean Only,,Red,BA435WA16VRVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Grey-Embroidered-Sarees-875887.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this grey coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Grey,BA435WA12VRZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875889.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,BA435WA10VSBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Cream-Embroidered-Sarees-875891.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of crepe this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Crepe,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,BA435WA08VSDINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-875893.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of satin this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Satin,Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,BA435WA06VSFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-875895.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of cotton this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Cotton,Dry Clean Only,,Red,BA435WA04VSHINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Cream-Embroidered-Sarees-875897.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,BA435WA02VSJINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-875899.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Red,BA435WA00VSLINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Blue-Embroidered-Sarees-875901.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this blue coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Blue,BA435WA98VSNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-875903.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of silk this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Silk,Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,BA435WA96VSPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Pink-Embroidered-Sarees-875905.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this pink coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Pink,BA435WA94VSRINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Red-Embroidered-Sarees-875907.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this red coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Red,BA435WA92VSTINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-White-Embroidered-Sarees-875909.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this white coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,White,BA435WA90VSVINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Yellow-Embroidered-Sarees-875911.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this yellow coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of chiffon this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Chiffon,Dry Clean Only,,Yellow,BA435WA88VSXINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Brown-Embroidered-Sarees-875913.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this brown coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of georgette this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Georgette,Dry Clean Only,,Brown,BA435WA86VSZINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Cream-Embroidered-Sarees-875915.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this cream coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Cream,BA435WA84VTBINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/bahubali-Orange-Embroidered-Sarees-875919.html,Bahubali,Bahubali presents this orange coloured saree which will make you look striking and even more beautiful. Made of jaquard this saree is quite comfortable to wear and easy to drape as well.  This saree measures 5.5 m and it comes with a 0.80 m blouse piece.,,Jaquard,Dry Clean Only,,Orange,BA435WA80VTFINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Brown-Leather-Belt-876053.html,Antiformal,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Antiformal. Made from leather this brown coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Brown,AN655WA46VYJINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 37.1 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Orange-Leather-Belt-876055.html,Antiformal,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Antiformal. Made from leather this orange coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Orange,AN655WA44VYLINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 36.6 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Pink-Leather-Belt-876057.html,Antiformal,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this pink belt from Antiformal. Made from leather it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Pink,AN655WA42VYNINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 32.5 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Brown-Leather-Belt-876059.html,Antiformal,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this brown belt from Antiformal. Made from leather it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Brown,AN655WA40VYPINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 42 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Tan-Leather-Belt-876063.html,Antiformal,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this tan belt from Antiformal. Made from leather it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Tan,AN655WA36VYTINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 40 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Brown-Leather-Belt-876065.html,Antiformal,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this brown belt from Antiformal. Made from leather it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Brown,AN655WA34VYVINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 42.2 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Black-Leather-Belt-876067.html,Antiformal,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this black belt from Antiformal. Made from leather it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Black,AN655WA32VYXINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 43 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Black-Leather-Belt-876069.html,Antiformal,Check out this black coloured belt from Antiformal that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from leather this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Black,AN655WA30VYZINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 36.5inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Multi-Leather-Belt-876071.html,Antiformal,Check out this multicoloured belt from Antiformal that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from leather this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Multi,AN655WA28VZBINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 41 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Multi-Leather-Belt-876073.html,Antiformal,Check out this multicoloured belt from Antiformal that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from leather this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Multi,AN655WA26VZDINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 41 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Pink-Leather-Belt-876075.html,Antiformal,Check out this pink coloured belt from Antiformal that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from leather this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Pink,AN655WA24VZFINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 40 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Black-Leather-Belt-876079.html,Antiformal,Check out this black coloured belt from Antiformal that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from leather this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Black,AN655WA20VZJINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 40 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Black-Leather-Belt-876081.html,Antiformal,Check out this black coloured belt from Antiformal that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from leather this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Black,AN655WA18VZLINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 32.5 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Brown-Leather-Belt-876083.html,Antiformal,Check out this brown coloured belt from Antiformal that is just what you need to brighten up your dull and boring look. Made from leather this belt for women has an amazing finish and is durable as well.,,,,,Brown,AN655WA16VZNINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 42 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Brown-Leather-Belt-876085.html,Antiformal,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this brown belt from Antiformal. Made from leather it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Brown,AN655WA14VZPINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 32 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Blue-Leather-Belt-876087.html,Antiformal,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Antiformal. Made from leather this blue coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Blue,AN655WA12VZRINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 41.4 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Pink-Leather-Belt-876089.html,Antiformal,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Antiformal. Made from leather this pink coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Pink,AN655WA10VZTINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 39.1 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Black-Leather-Belt-876093.html,Antiformal,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Antiformal. Made from leather this black coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Black,AN655WA06VZXINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 42 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Pink-Leather-Belt-876099.html,Antiformal,Add a stylish twist to your ordinary look wearing this pink belt from Antiformal. Made from leather it is as durable as it is trendy.,,,,,Pink,AN655WA00WADINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 40 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Red-Leather-Belt-876101.html,Antiformal,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Antiformal. Made from leather this red coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Red,AN655WA98WAFINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 42 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-White-Leather-Belt-876103.html,Antiformal,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Antiformal. Made from leather this white coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,White,AN655WA96WAHINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 42 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/antiformal-Pink-Leather-Belt-876105.html,Antiformal,Add a trendy touch to your overall appearance by wearing this belt from Antiformal. Made from leather this pink coloured belt for women is light in weight and thus a must-have accessory for all those style-conscious ladies out there!,,,,,Pink,AN655WA94WAJINDFAS,,,,,1,Leather,length - 37 inch,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-White-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876185.html,Scarleti,Spice up your overall casual look wearing this white coloured belt for women from Scarleti. Featuring a stylish design this belt will be a unique addition to your accessory collection. Made from soft-to-touch leather it is flexible and a durable pick for sure.,,,,,White,SC179WA14WDLINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-White-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876187.html,Scarleti,Fashionable women can now spruce up their casual look wearing this white coloured belt from Scarleti. The eye-catching design in a contrast colour and the trendy metal buckle will take your style quotient to a new high. Made from leather this belt is durable and features an excellent finish.,,,,,White,SC179WA12WDNINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Black-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876189.html,Scarleti,A stylish pick for fashionable women is this black coloured belt from Scarleti. Featuring a stunning braided design this leather belt will soon become your favourite. Team it with a pair of jeans and a cool top to look perfect.,,,,,Black,SC179WA10WDPINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Black-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876191.html,Scarleti,Spice up your overall casual look wearing this black coloured belt for women from Scarleti. Featuring a stylish design this belt will be a unique addition to your accessory collection. Made from soft-to-touch leather it is flexible and a durable pick for sure.,,,,,Black,SC179WA08WDRINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Red-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876193.html,Scarleti,Scarleti presents a voguish complement to your casual outfits in the form of this red coloured belt. While the modish design of this womens belt adds to its trendy appeal its leather make promises longevity and a plush look.,,,,,Red,SC179WA06WDTINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Black-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876195.html,Scarleti,Spice up your overall casual or formal look wearing this black coloured belt for women from Scarleti. Featuring a classy design this belt will be a unique addition to your accessory collection. Made from soft-to-touch leather it is flexible and a durable pick for sure.,,,,,Black,SC179WA04WDVINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Black-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876197.html,Scarleti,Check out this black coloured belt from Scarleti which will certainly add a classy touch to your overall appearance. This pretty belt is a must-have in your wardrobe and will complement a wide range of outfits. Made from leather this belt is light in weight flexible and a durable pick.,,,,,Black,SC179WA02WDXINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Brown-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876199.html,Scarleti,Check out this brown coloured belt from Scarleti which will certainly add a classy touch to your overall appearance. This pretty belt is a must-have in your wardrobe and will complement a wide range of outfits. Made from leather this belt is light in weight flexible and a durable pick.,,,,,Brown,SC179WA00WDZINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Brown-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876201.html,Scarleti,Sleek and simple this brown coloured belt from Scarleti is a must-have in the accessory collection of modern women. A perfect pick for casual as well as semi-formal outfits this belt is made from leather that makes it durable and looks classy.,,,,,Brown,SC179WA98WEBINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Multi-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876203.html,Scarleti,Update your accessory collection with this belt from Scarleti. Designed to impress fashion-conscious women this belt features a stylish metal buckle. Made from leather this belt is durable and features an excellent finish.,,,,,Multi,SC179WA96WEDINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Multi-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876205.html,Scarleti,You will love to spruce up your casual look for the day wearing this multicoloured belt from Scarleti. Designed to perfection this leather belt features a bold metal buckle that is hard not to notice. Durable and classy this belt will become your favourite in no time.,,,,,Multi,SC179WA94WEFINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Brown-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876207.html,Scarleti,,,,,,Brown,SC179WA92WEHINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Golden-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876209.html,Scarleti,Check out this gold coloured belt from Scarleti which will certainly add a glamorous touch to your overall appearance. This pretty belt is a must-have in your wardrobe and will complement a wide range of party outfits. Made from leather this belt is light in weight flexible and a durable pick.,,,,,Golden,SC179WA90WEJINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Brown-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876211.html,Scarleti,Add a unique charm to your party look wearing this brown coloured belt from Scarleti. The design and sheen of this belt is hard not to notice. Featuring a trendy metal buckle this belt is surely not to be missed. It is made from leather that makes it durable.,,,,,Brown,SC179WA88WELINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-White-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876213.html,Scarleti,A stylish pick for fashionable women is this white coloured belt from Scarleti. Featuring a stunning braided design this leather belt will soon become your favourite. Team it with a pair of jeans and a cool top to look perfect.,,,,,White,SC179WA86WENINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-White-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876215.html,Scarleti,Classy and durable this white coloured belt from Scarleti is a must-have in every fashionable womans accessory collection. This belt is perfect to be paired with casual outfits. Made from leather this belt is quality assured and a smart accessory to spend on.,,,,,White,SC179WA84WEPINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Grey-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876217.html,Scarleti,Add a unique charm to your party look wearing this belt from Scarleti. The design and sheen of this belt is hard not to notice. Featuring a trendy metal buckle this belt is surely not to be missed. It is made from leather that makes it durable.,,,,,Grey,SC179WA82WERINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Multi-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876219.html,Scarleti,,,,,,Multi,SC179WA80WETINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/scarleti-Maroon-Artificial-Leather-Belt-876221.html,Scarleti,Classy and durable this maroon coloured belt from Scarleti is a must-have in every fashionable womans accessory collection. This belt is perfect to be paired with casual outfits. Made from leather this belt is quality assured and a smart accessory to spend on.,,,,,Maroon,SC179WA78WEVINDFAS,,,,,1 Belt,Leather,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embellished-Black-Jumpsuit-876503.html,Ozel,Smartly designed this black coloured jumpsuit from Ozel will be a trendy addition to your wardrobe. Made from crepe this jumpsuit is comfortable to wear and will keep you at ease. Pair this comfort-fit jumpsuit with heels and look stunning.,,Crepe,,,Black,OZ525WA96WPRINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embellished-Black-Jumpsuit-876505.html,Ozel,Smartly designed this black coloured jumpsuit from Ozel will be a trendy addition to your wardrobe. Made from crepe this jumpsuit is comfortable to wear and will keep you at ease. Pair this comfort-fit jumpsuit with heels and look stunning.,,Crepe,,,Black,OZ525WA94WPTINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embellished-Green-Dress-876511.html,Ozel,Lusting after luster wearing green coloured dress by Ozel. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Maxi Dresses,Georgette,,,Green,OZ525WA88WPZINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Printed-Navy-Blue-Dress-876513.html,Ozel,Lusting after luster wearing navy blue coloured dress by Ozel. Made of premium quality cotton this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Skater Dresses,Cotton,,,Navy Blue,OZ525WA86WQBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Solid-Black-Dress-876515.html,Ozel,Lusting after luster wearing black coloured dress by Ozel. Made of premium quality georgette this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,,,Black,OZ525WA84WQDINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Solid-Off-White-Dress-876517.html,Ozel,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this off white coloured dress by Ozel. Made from georgette fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,,,Off White,OZ525WA82WQFINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embellished-Black-Dress-876519.html,Ozel,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this black coloured dress by Ozel. Made from crepe fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Crepe,,,Black,OZ525WA80WQHINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embellished-Wine-Dress-876521.html,Ozel,Stow away your old stuff when you wear this wine coloured dress by Ozel. Made from crepe fabric it is light in weight and will be soft against your skin.  This sexy dress can be best teamed with matching sandals and a clutch.,Shift Dresses,Crepe,,,Wine,OZ525WA78WQJINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embellished-Yellow-Dress-876523.html,Ozel,Lusting after luster wearing yellow coloured dress by Ozel. Made of premium quality georgette this dress is high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Shift Dresses,Georgette,,,Yellow,OZ525WA76WQLINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embroidered-White-Shrugs-876525.html,Ozel,A stylish update on the sartorial look when you wear this white coloured shrug by Ozel. Modishly tailored this shrug will get you recognized for your ultimate taste in contemporary dressing. Club your junk jewellery with this comfortable shrug to create an absolutely fabulous look.,,COTTON BLEND,,,White,OZ525WA74WQNINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embroidered-Yellow-Shrugs-876527.html,Ozel,A stylish update on the sartorial look when you wear this yellow coloured shrug by Ozel. Modishly tailored this shrug will get you recognized for your ultimate taste in contemporary dressing. Club your junk jewellery with this comfortable shrug to create an absolutely fabulous look.,,COTTON BLEND,,,Yellow,OZ525WA72WQPINDFAS,,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embellished-Blue-Top-876529.html,Ozel,Double your fashion flair as you wear this top from the house of Ozel. Fashioned using crepe this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Crepe,,,Blue,OZ525WA70WQRINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embellished-Yellow-Top-876531.html,Ozel,Double your fashion flair as you wear this top from the house of Ozel. Fashioned using crepe this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Crepe,,,Yellow,OZ525WA68WQTINDFAS,,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embellished-Green-Top-876533.html,Ozel,Double your fashion flair as you wear this top from the house of Ozel. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Green,OZ525WA66WQVINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Solid-Off-White-Top-876535.html,Ozel,Double your fashion flair as you wear this top from the house of Ozel. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Off White,OZ525WA64WQXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Embroidered-Off-White-Top-876537.html,Ozel,Double your fashion flair as you wear this top from the house of Ozel. Fashioned using cotton this top will keep you at comfort all day long. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,,,Off White,OZ525WA62WQZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Solid-Black-Jegging-876539.html,Ozel,A perfect pick to complement your extensive collection of trendy tops is this pair of modish black coloured jeggings from the house of Ozel. These jeggings are comfortable to wear courtesy the cotton fabric.,,Cotton,,,Black,OZ525WA60WRBINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Solid-Black-Jegging-876541.html,Ozel,A perfect pick to complement your extensive collection of trendy tops is this pair of modish black coloured jeggings from the house of Ozel. These jeggings are comfortable to wear courtesy the cotton fabric.,,Cotton,,,Black,OZ525WA58WRDINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Printed-Black-Jegging-876543.html,Ozel,A perfect pick to complement your extensive collection of trendy tops is this pair of modish black coloured jeggings from the house of Ozel. These jeggings are comfortable to wear courtesy the cotton fabric.,,Cotton,,,Black,OZ525WA56WRFINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Solid-Red-Jegging-876545.html,Ozel,A perfect pick to complement your extensive collection of trendy tops is this pair of modish red coloured jeggings from the house of Ozel. These jeggings are comfortable to wear courtesy the cotton fabric.,,Cotton,,,Red,OZ525WA54WRHINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/ozel-Solid-Navy-Blue-Jegging-876547.html,Ozel,A perfect pick to complement your extensive collection of trendy tops is this pair of modish navy blue coloured jeggings from the house of Ozel. These jeggings are comfortable to wear courtesy the cotton fabric.,,Cotton,,,Navy Blue,OZ525WA52WRJINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dressology-by-amit-arora-Navy-Blue-Dresses-876549.html,Dressology,Dressology by Amit Arora brings this navy blue coloured dress which is designed for women who believe in classy styling and simple dressing. The high-low hem of this creation makes it look absolutely glamorous and appealing. The glittery work on shoulders further makes it an epitome of creativity. This regular-fit dress is made from poly georgette and is comfortable to wear. Club it with high heels and pearl danglers to look like a fashionista on a cocktail party.,Asymmetric Dresses,POLYESTER GEORGETTE,,Regular,Navy Blue,DR432WA50WRLINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dressology-by-amit-arora-Blue-Dresses-876551.html,Dressology,Your elegance and beauty will certainly get highlighted when you wear this dress from Dressology by Amit Arora. This regular-fit lacy dress dipped in the sophistication of net fabric promises a feminine look. The embellished waistband and deep neck will further enhance your curves and flaunt your sexy back.,Bodycon Dresses,Net,,Regular,Blue,DR432WA48WRNINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dressology-by-amit-arora-Blue-Dresses-876553.html,Dressology,Accentuate your feminine charm by slipping into this voguish dress from Dressology by Amit Arora. Exhibiting a lacy bodice this blackdress is accented with an embellished floral motif that further adds to its appeal. Fashioned from taffeta this regular-fit dress will keep you at utmost ease. Perfect to be worn at an evening soiree this dress will look best when teamed with matching pumps and a bracelet.,Bodycon Dresses,Net,,Regular,Blue,DR432WA46WRPINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dressology-by-amit-arora-Black-Dresses-876555.html,Dressology,Exude elegance with a touch of royalty by wearing this fabulous creation from Dressology by Amit Arora. Fashioned from polyester blend this regular-fit short dress is accented with sequin work around the neckline and waistband. Perfect to be worn at evening soirees this dress will look best when teamed with matching pumps and a sleek bracelet.,Shift Dresses,Polyester Blend,,Regular,Black,DR432WA44WRRINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dressology-by-amit-arora-Black-Dresses-876557.html,Dressology,Be the showstopper at the next party by slipping into this voguish maxi dress from Dressology by Amit Arora. Black in colour this regular-fit dress exhibits an embroidered yoke and a deep cut at the back that will allow you to flaunt your sexy back in a stylish manner. Complement this polyester georgette dress with matching pumps and stun everyone around with your amazing dressing sense.,Shift Dresses,POLYESTER GEORGETTE,,Regular,Black,DR432WA42WRTINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Embroidered,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dressology-by-amit-arora-Golden-Dresses-876559.html,Dressology,Exclusively designed for a fashion plate like you is this fabulous gold coloured dress from Dressology by Amit Arora. Styled with embellished accents for that shimmer of haute couture this soft mesh dress is best showcased in fashion circles and uptown galas.,Shift Dresses,Net,,Regular,Golden,DR432WA40WRVINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Exclusively designed for a fashion plate like you is this fabulous gold coloured dress from Dressology by Amit Arora. Styled with embellished accents for that shimmer of haute couture this soft mesh dress is best showcased in fashion circles and uptown galas.EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dressology-by-amit-arora-Wine-Jampsuits-876561.html,Dressology,A surreal embodiment of your evening elegance is this wine-hued jumpsuit from Dressology by Amit Arora. Accented with embellished highlights and styled with a keyhole back this jumpsuits ethereal charm is best punctuated with stilettos and a slim bracelet. This regular-fit jumpsuit is made from polyester blend.,,Polyester Blend,,Regular,Wine,DR432WA38WRXINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,EMBELLISHED,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/dressology-by-amit-arora-Black-Dresses-876563.html,Dressology,A cocktail meet or a date night this sleek black dress from Dressology by Amit Arora is exclusively tailored to impress them and then. Punctuated with ethnic-inspired print this dress will work wonders with stilettos and a chic neckpiece. This regular-fit dress is made from polyester blend.,Bodycon Dresses,Polyester Blend,,Regular,Black,DR432WA36WRZINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Shift-Dress-876573.html,Guess,Be the queen of prints and unleash your chic diva look by slipping into this black dress by GUESS. This shirt dress exhibits a striking print allover a stylish collar and a soothing interplay of different hues for a more feminine feel. Team this regular-fit cotton dress with a pair of belly shoes or peep-toes to stand out from the crowd.,Shift Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA26WSJINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Jeans-876575.html,Guess,Impress your silent admirers by wearing this pair of purple jeans by GUESS. Featuring a 5-pocket design belt loops and excellent finish these regular-fit jeans will lend you a look worth flaunting. Team these cotton jeans with your best tops or casual shirts to look glamorous.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA24WSLINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876577.html,Guess,Show your inner fashionista this season in a sexy avatar courtesy this blue coloured bandeau top from GUESS. The print the pleats and classy design make this regular-fit top an on-trend garment that is worth spending on. This cotton bandeau top will certainly show your skin and beautiful shoulders in a classy way.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA22WSNINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Top-876579.html,Guess,Look unbeatably stylish and unique by wearing this peach coloured tube top from GUESS. Made from cotton this peplum top features catchy print and shiny details that will make you the centre of a gathering that you attend. You can team this top with skinny fit bottoms or pencil skirt to look stunning effortlessly.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA20WSPINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876581.html,Guess,Look glamorous like a true fashionista by wearing this black top from the latest collection of GUESS. Featuring an interesting pattern on the neckline it exhibits a low cut detailing at the back for a more sensual feel. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric for maximum comfort it will look great when clubbed with a pair of denims or casual trousers.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA18WSRINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Top-876583.html,Guess,It's time to be renowned for your heart-stealing outfits. Impress your silent admirers one more time by wearing this multicoloured top by GUESS. While the eye-catching print makes it an aesthetic wonder the refined colour scheme lends it a feminine effect. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of jeans to stand out in the crowd.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA16WSTINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Jeans-876587.html,Guess,,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA12WSXINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Shirts-876589.html,Guess,Flaunt your new and pretty look this season by wearing this multicoloured shirt from GUESS. This classy shirt featuring check pattern will go well with blue jeans and matching belly shoes. Made from cotton this regular-fit shirt is light in weight and will ensure comfort all day long.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA10WSZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Top-876591.html,Guess,It is the time for some skin show! Flaunt a little bit of your well-toned torso by slipping into this purple tank top by GUESS. While the chic print enhances the fashion appeal of this creation the racer back style lends it a sensual feel. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a skirt or a pair of shorts to impress your fashion loving pals.,Crop Tops,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA08WTBINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Skater-Dress-876593.html,Guess,A cute cotton dress that you wont be able to take your eyes off of is this black coloured one from GUESS. This tube dress is flared from the bottom and features large check prints. It is regular in fit and will keep you completely at ease owing to its cotton make. Just team it with a nice pair of footwear to look the cutest among all.,Skater Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA06WTDINDFAS,Drop Shoulder,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876595.html,Guess,Put your best look forward wearing this black coloured dress from the house of GUESS. Made of cotton this dress is quite comfortable to wear. Featuring regular fit this snazzy dress will help you make a stellar impact on people around you.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA04WTFINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876597.html,Guess,Make the girls go green in envy wearing this black coloured topby GUESS. While the black colour adds to your feminine charm the cut and fit give your overall look some definition. Pair this top with black denims to get endless compliments.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA02WTHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Jeans-876599.html,Guess,Be the leggy lass by slipping into these black coloured jeans from GUESS. Made from cotton these regular-fit jeans are a must-have in every womans wardrobe. You can team these jeans with a top of your choice and complete your look with a pair of pumps to look uber stylish.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA00WTJINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Jeans-876601.html,Guess,<p>An amazing fusion of feminine design and sporty styling makes these blue coloured jeans from GUESS a must-have in your wardrobe. These skinny jeans can be worn with tops T-shirts or tunics to create fresh and appealing looks. Made from cotton these jeans are light in weight and skin friendly.&nbsp,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA98WTLINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Chinos-876603.html,Guess,Look as sophisticated as you are by wearing this pair of blue jeans from GUESS. Featuring a striking washed effect and a chic pattern on the back pockets these regular-fit jeans will amplify your casual look in no time. Tailored in regular fit from breathable cotton fabric these jeans will stretch well to your body movements.,Chinos,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA96WTNINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Jeans-876605.html,Guess,For a trendy look all you need are these blue coloured jeans for women from GUESS. These will banish all the doubts you hadabout jeans being uncomfortable as these will keep you at ease for however long you keep them on owing to their cotton make.With winter just around the corner you can mix up a really cool look by wearing a stylish sweater with this pair along with classy boots.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA94WTPINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Jeans-876607.html,Guess,<p>An amazing fusion of feminine design and sporty styling makes these blue coloured jeans from GUESS a must-have in your wardrobe. These jeans can be worn with tops T-shirts or tunics to create fresh and appealing looks. Made from cotton these jeans are light in weight and skin friendly.&nbsp,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA92WTRINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Jeans-876609.html,Guess,Ramp up your style quotient this weekend with these modish white jeans from GUESS. Best worn with a trendy top and peep toes these regular-fit jeans also promise pure comfort courtesy the cotton fabric.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA90WTTINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876611.html,Guess,,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA88WTVINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Shift-Dress-876613.html,Guess,,Shift Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA86WTXINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Thigh Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876615.html,Guess,It is the time for some skin show! Flaunt a little bit of your well-toned bodyby slipping into this black top by GUESS. While the chic animal print enhances the fashion appeal of this creation the Y-shape back straps lend it a feminine feel.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA84WTZINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876617.html,Guess,If you love to look sporty yet feminine then this blue coloured shirt from GUESS will be an ideal pick. This regular-fit shirt is made from cotton which further makes it light in weight and fine in quality. This denim shirt when paired with shorts and boots will lend you an ultra-chic look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA82WUBINDFAS,Roll Up Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876619.html,Guess,<span line-height,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA80WUDINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Shirts-876621.html,Guess,Flaunt your new and pretty look this season by wearing this white coloured shirt from GUESS. This stylish shirt featuring a classy design will go well with blue jeans and matching belly shoes. Made from cotton this regular-fit shirt is light in weight and will ensure comfort all day long.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA78WUFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Green-Top-876623.html,Guess,Flaunt your svelte figure in the most stylish manner with this green top from the latest collection of GUESS. Featuring an eye-catching ombre effect and a soothing interplay of different hues it will surely put you in the limelight. The deep cut styling at the back further adds a sense of sensuality to this masterpiece. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of denims or a skirt to stand out from the crowd.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,GU064WA76WUHINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Orange-Top-876625.html,Guess,Your savoir faire will be highlighted wearing this topby GUESS. While the colour adds to your feminine charm the cut and fit give your overall look some definition. Team it with black coloured shorts for a sassy look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GU064WA74WUJINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876627.html,Guess,Enjoy every moment of being fashionable by wearing this trendy top from GUESS. The amazing print and shaded effect make this multicoloured top visually appealing. Made from cotton this regular-fit top is quality assured and a smart pick for your casual wardrobe.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA72WULINDFAS,Half Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876629.html,Guess,Ramp up your Friday vogue this season with this black top from GUESS. While the attractive print on the front underlines this regular-fit tops fashion appeal its cotton fabric promises nothing but comfort.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA70WUNINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876631.html,Guess,A casual white top like this one from GUESS is a must-have forstylish womens. It flaunts interesting printon the front that will grab your attention for sure. Made from cotton this regular-fit top will give you all the comfort you desire. Wear it with a printed long skirt to make you look more feminine and graceful.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA68WUPINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Orange-Top-876633.html,Guess,Get this top from GUESS to make it easier for you to decide what to wear on a casual day. You will be provided with utmost comfort and ease as this regular-fit tank top is made from cotton. It is a perfect pick to wear with blue jeans and high heels complemented by a classy handbag while chilling out with friends.,Crop Tops,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GU064WA66WURINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876637.html,Guess,<span line-height,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA62WUVINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Red-Top-876639.html,Guess,The elegance of stripes never fades! Put your best casual look forward and look iconic by wearing this red top from the latest collection of GUESS. While the striking stripe pattern infuses more sophistication into this masterpiece the Henley neck lends it a feminine feel. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of skinny-fit denims to stand out from the crowd.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,GU064WA60WUXINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Red-Top-876641.html,Guess,,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,GU064WA58WUZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Off-White-Top-876643.html,Guess,Win the crown of the cutest women in the town by slipping into this off-white tank top by GUESS. Beautified with a striking print it exhibits a stylised back for a more feminine feel. Made from soft cotton fabric this regular-fit top will look great when clubbed with denims casual trousers or even capris.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Off White,GU064WA56WVBINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Red-Top-876645.html,Guess,Printed and red this top from GUESS will suit the taste of many fashion-conscious women. While the enticing print all over it will ensure that you dont go unnoticed its cotton material will provide you with utmost comfort. Wear it with a pair of printed jeggings and nice looking heels to complete your elegant look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,GU064WA54WVDINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876647.html,Guess,Get a fashion forward look and stay relaxed by wearing this white coloured top from GUESS. Made from cotton this printed top has short sleeves and a round neck. You can team this top with printed leggings and stilettos to look gorgeous.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA52WVFINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876649.html,Guess,Look cool and stay comfortable wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from GUESS. This printed T-shirt when paired with shorts and gladiators will certainly lend an ultra-chic look to the wearer. Made from cotton this regular-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA50WVHINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876651.html,Guess,You will certainly steal the attention of every eye when you wear this white top from the house of GUESS. Featuring a striking embellishment work on the front this printed top will earn you all positive reviews from fashion lovers. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of skinny-fit denims to look ravishing.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA48WVJINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Beige-Top-876653.html,Guess,An amazing fusion of feminine design and sporty styling makes this,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,GU064WA46WVLINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876655.html,Guess,GUESS presents this black coloured bralette top that is a must-have in every fashionable womans wardrobe. Fashioned from cotton this regular-fit top will keep you at ease all day long. Perfect for layered looks or beneath something sheer this top will certainly lend you a chic look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA44WVNINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876657.html,Guess,Provide a solid foundation to your sheer top with this blue bralette by GUESS. Featuring adjustable straps and generous cups it will provide adequate support and comfort for your bust. Made of cotton it is also extremely skin friendly.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA42WVPINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Pink-Top-876659.html,Guess,If you love wearing sheer tops or dresses then this pink bralette by GUESS will be an excellent pick for you. Featuring generous cups and shoulder straps for a perfect fit it will also provide adequate support for your bust. Made of fine cotton fabric it is also extremely soft against the skin.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,GU064WA40WVRINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Off-White-Top-876661.html,Guess,,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Off White,GU064WA38WVTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Red-Top-876663.html,Guess,Enjoy every hour and minute of being fashionable by wearing this red coloured striped top from GUESS. This classy top is a versatile garment that can be worn on a casual outing or to work on a Monday. Made from cotton this regular-fit top is light in weight and soft against the skin.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,GU064WA36WVVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Pink-Top-876665.html,Guess,GUESS brings this pink coloured top which is designed to highlight your fashionable appearance and set your score high on the fashion metre. The deep neckline and trendy sleeves make this creation a must-have in your casual wardrobe. Made from cotton this regular-fit top is comfortable to wear and skin friendly.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,GU064WA34WVXINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876667.html,Guess,<span background-attachment,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA32WVZINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Maxi-Dress-876669.html,Guess,<span background-attachment,Maxi Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA30WWBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876671.html,Guess,A casual white top like this one from GUESS is a must-have forstylish women.It flaunts an interesting lacy floral design at the back which will grab your attention for sure. Made from cotton this regular-fit top will give you all the comfort you desire.Wear it tucked inwith a slim-fit high waist skirt for afeminine and graceful look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA28WWDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876673.html,Guess,All eyes will be glued to you when you walk into a party with this black coloured top on. A magnificent creation of GUESS this tube top is made from cotton. You can team it with skirts or pants of your choice to look gorgeous effortlessly.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA26WWFINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Waist Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Red-Bodycon-Dress-876675.html,Guess,You will surely receive rave reviews from fashion critics when you wear this red dress by GUESS. Featuring a striking frill detailing allover this dress will complement your curves in the most beautiful manner. While the adjustable straps ensure a snug fit the fine cotton fabric promises a soft feel. Team this regular-fit dress with a pair of belly shoes or peep-toes to stand out from the crowd.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Red,GU064WA24WWHINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Bodycon-Dress-876677.html,Guess,You will surely earn all positive reviews from fashion gurus when you hit the party floor wearing this blue dress by GUESS. Exhibiting black stripes it features a stunning cutout detailing at the back for a more feminine feel. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric it will also take you to the world of extreme comfort and softness. Team it with a pair of belly shoes or matching sandals to look ravishing.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA22WWJINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Grey-Jeans-876679.html,Guess,You will surely make headlines for your impressive casual dressing when you wear this pair of grey jeans by GUESS. Featuring a striking pattern all over and a 5-pocket design these jeans will earn you positive reviews from fashion lovers. Tailored to perfection from fine cotton fabric for maximum breathability these jeans will look great when clubbed with a chic top or a T-shirt.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,GU064WA20WWLINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Jeans-876683.html,Guess,For a trendy look all you need are these blue coloured jeans for women from GUESS. These will banish all the doubts you hadabout jeans being uncomfortable owing to their cotton make.The interesting embellished prints on its back pockets add to its uniqueness. With winter coming you can mix up a really cool look by wearing a stylish sweater with this pair along with classy boots.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA16WWPINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Jeans-876687.html,Guess,Look smartest in the fashion hemisphere by wearing this pair of purple jeans by GUESS. Featuring a 5-pocket design and excellent finish it will surely earn you all positive reviews from fashion lovers. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric for maximum breathability these jeans will look great when clubbed with a chic top or a T-shirt.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA12WWTINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Jeans-876689.html,Guess,Look every bit the leggy lass by slipping into these blue coloured jeans from GUESS. Made from cotton these regular-fit jeans are a must-have in every womans wardrobe. You can team these jeans with a top of your choice and complete your look with a pair of pumps to look uber stylish.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA10WWVINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876693.html,Guess,You will surely catch the attention of every eye when you wear this blue shirt from the latest collection of GUESS. Detailed with a captivating print a collared neck and button fastenings this sheer shirt will lend you a look worth flaunting. Team this regular-fit cotton shirt with a pair of jeans to stand out from the crowd.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA06WWZINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876695.html,Guess,Don a sophisticated look this season by wearing this white top from the latest collection of GUESS. Featuring a chic print it exhibits a stylish detailing at the back for a more feminine feel. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric it also promises maximum breathability and comfort.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA04WXBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876697.html,Guess,Flaunt a bit of your sexy figure by donning this blue top from the latest collection of GUESS. Featuring a striking print and a stylish detailing at the back it will certainly earn you all positive reviews from fashion critics. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric it also promises maximum breathability and comfort.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA02WXDINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876699.html,Guess,You will surely become the cutest heart-stealer in the town when you hit the streets wearing this multicoloured top from the latest collection of GUESS. Featuring a refined colour scheme and an unconventional print it will surely make you the cynosure of all eyes. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric it also ensures maximum breathability and comfort.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA00WXFINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Top-876701.html,Guess,A trendy kaftan top is something that rarely goes out of style and therefore this multicoloured kaftan top from GUESS is a must-have in every fashionable womans wardrobe. Featuring a classy colour combination and design this kaftan top is good to go with pencil pants or leggings. The cotton fabric and regular fit make this kaftan top a comfortable garment to be worn throughout the year.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA98WXHINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876703.html,Guess,Look hotter than ever by slipping into this multicoloured top from the latest collection of GUESS. Featuring an interesting design and pattern it also exhibits a vibrant mix of different hues for added attraction. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric it also promises maximum breathability and comfort.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA96WXJINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876705.html,Guess,Look fashionable and unique by wearing this white coloured top for women form GUESS. Made from cotton this printed tank top can be worn in a number of ways. You can use it for layering or simply wear it with shorts to look bold and sexy.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA94WXLINDFAS,Sleeveless,Scoop Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876707.html,Guess,Ramp up your Friday vogue this season with this blue top from GUESS. Made from soft cotton fabric this regular-fit top is best worked with dark denims and low-tops.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA92WXNINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Peach-Top-876709.html,Guess,Bring down some surging temperature by slipping into this peach coloured top by GUESS. Featuring chic detailing on the neckline this sleeveless top will also help you to flaunt a bit of your well-toned torso. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of shorts or a skirt to make a cool fashion statement.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Peach,GU064WA90WXPINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876711.html,Guess,Flaunt your svelte figure in style by donning this black tank top from the latest collection of GUESS. Adorned with a captivating print on the front it exhibits a racer back for a more feminine effect. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of denims or shorts to make a striking fashion statement.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA88WXRINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876713.html,Guess,Flaunt a bit of your well-toned torso by slipping into this white tank top by GUESS. While the chic print enhances the fashion appeal of this creation the racer back style lends it a sensual feel. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of denims to impress your fashion loving pals.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA86WXTINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Orange-Top-876715.html,Guess,Increase your glam quotient wearing this orange coloured top from the house of GUESS. Made of cotton this top ensures comfort and maximum breathability. Featuring regular fit this printed top will look perfect when paired with denims and wedges.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GU064WA84WXVINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876717.html,Guess,An amazing fusion of feminine design and sporty styling makes this white coloured top from GUESS a fabulous garment. The contemporary print and racerback design further make this top perfect to flaunt your sensuous look on any occasion. Made from cotton this regular-fit top is certainly a soft treat for your skin.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA82WXXINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Grey-Bra-876719.html,Guess,Accentuate your feminine charm by donning this grey coloured,Basic Bra,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,GU064WA80WXZINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Orange-Top-876721.html,Guess,,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GU064WA78WYBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,V Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876723.html,Guess,Get this vibrant blue coloured top from GUESS to make it easier for you to decide what to wear on a casual day. You will be provided with utmost comfort and ease as this regular-fit top is made from cotton. This cold shoulder top featuring snake print will make sure you get a noticeable look. It is a perfect pick to wear with blue jeans and high heels complemented by a classy handbag while chilling out with friends.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA76WYDINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Top-876725.html,Guess,<p>A simple top that will woo you completely is this purple coloured one&nbsp,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA74WYFINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876727.html,Guess,Printed and black this top from GUESS will suit the taste of many fashion-conscious women. While the stylish logo on the front will ensure that you dont go unnoticed its cotton material will provide you with utmost comfort. Wear it with a pair of printed jeggings and nice looking heels to complete your elegant look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA72WYHINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Pink-Top-876729.html,Guess,Get a fashion forward look and stay relaxed by wearing this pink coloured top from GUESS. Made from cotton this printed top has short sleeves and a round neck. You can team this top with jeans and flats to look cool and stylish.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,GU064WA70WYJINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876731.html,Guess,You will certainly steal the attention of every eye when you wear this white top from the house of GUESS. Featuring a striking embellishment work on the front this printed top will earn you all positive reviews from fashion lovers. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of skinny-fit denims to look ravishing.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA68WYLINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876733.html,Guess,Get a fashion forward look and stay relaxed by wearing this white coloured top from GUESS. Made from cotton this printed top has short sleeves and a round neck. You can team this top with jeans and flats to look cool and stylish.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA66WYNINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Yellow-Top-876735.html,Guess,Look cool and stay comfortable wearing this yellow coloured T-shirt from GUESS. This printed T-shirt when paired with shorts and gladiators will certainly lend an ultra-chic look to the wearer. Made from cotton this regular-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Yellow,GU064WA64WYPINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-T-Shirt-876737.html,Guess,Look cool and stay comfortable wearing this blue coloured T-shirt from GUESS. This printed T-shirt when paired with shorts and gladiators will certainly lend an ultra-chic look to the wearer. Made from cotton this regular-fit T-shirt is comfortable to wear all day long.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA62WYRINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Boat Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876739.html,Guess,Black is always classy! Look stylish like a true diva by wearing this black dress by GUESS. Featuring a striking design it will help you to flaunt your well-toned figure in the most beautiful manner. Team this regular-fit dress with a statement neckpiece and trendy sandals to stand out from the crowd.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA60WYTINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Bodycon-Dress-876741.html,Guess,GUESS presents this white coloured dress which will get you noticed for all the right reasons. Made of cotton this dress for women ensures maximum breathability. Featuring regular fit this dress is perfect to be worn to weekend parties.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA58WYVINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876743.html,Guess,<span line-height,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA56WYXINDFAS,Drop Shoulder,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876745.html,Guess,Paparazzi will surely follow you at the upcoming page 3 event when they see you wearing this black coloured ruched dress by GUESS. Subtle in appeal it will complement your curvaceous body in the most beautiful manner. Team this regular-fit cotton dress with statement jewellery and strappy sandals to earn all positive reviews from fashion critics.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA54WYZINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Orange-Bodycon-Dress-876747.html,Guess,Looking for something exclusive to complement your hourglass figure? Look no further! This dress by GUESS will surely serve the purpose. While the striking pattern takes the classiness of this ruched,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GU064WA52WZBINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Pink-Top-876749.html,Guess,Flaunt your terrific fashion sense by wearing this pink coloured top for women from GUESS. This cotton top will provide you with unmatchable comfort. Wear it with a pair of grey coloured jeggings and heels to get a complete chic look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,GU064WA50WZDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876751.html,Guess,Get a classy stylish and sophisticated look by wearing this black coloured top from the fashion house of GUESS. Made from cotton this regular-fit party top has drop shoulder design. You can team it with bottoms and shoes of your choice to complete your party look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA48WZFINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876753.html,Guess,An amazing fusion of feminine design and sporty styling makes this black coloured top from GUESS a fabulous garment. The glamorous sequin work on the front and racerback design further make this top perfect to flaunt your sensuous look on any occasion. Made from cotton this regular-fit top is certainly a soft treat for your skin.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA46WZHINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876755.html,Guess,Take a relaxed approach towards fashion by wearing this blue coloured top for women by GUESS. Simple yet stylish this regular-fit top will certainly lend you a chic look. Complement this cotton top with a skirt and belly shoes.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA44WZJINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Top-876757.html,Guess,Flaunt your terrific fashion sense by wearing this multicoloured top for women from GUESS. This regular-fitcotton top will provide you with unmatchable comfort. Featuring a unique print it also has an attractive scoop neck. Wear it with a pair of white coloured jeggings and heels to get a complete chic look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA42WZLINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876759.html,Guess,Be it a pool party or a Sunday brunch this blue coloured top from GUESS will certainly make you look bold and beautiful. The cool print and sexy design at the back further make this creation look refreshing. Made from cotton this regular-fit top is light in weight and comfortable to wear.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA40WZNINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Top-876761.html,Guess,Be it a pool party or a Sunday brunch this multicoloured tube top from GUESS will certainly make you look bold and beautiful. The cool print and sexy design further make this creation look refreshing. Made from cotton this regular-fit tube top is light in weight and comfortable to wear.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA38WZPINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876763.html,Guess,Get a sexy and stylish look by wearing this black coloured top for women from GUESS. Made from cotton this printed top makes a trendy and thoughtful addition to your casual wear wardrobe. You can team this top with your favourite skirt or jeans to look super stylish.&nbsp,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA36WZRINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876765.html,Guess,You will surely set hearts aflutter when you wear this black top from the latest collection of GUESS. Exclusively designed for all fashion-conscious souls this top will surely earn you all positive reviews from fashion critics. Team this cotton top with a pair of denims to make a striking fashion statement.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA34WZTINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876767.html,Guess,Look classy and stylish look by wearing this white coloured top for women from GUESS. Made from cotton this simple top makes a trendy and thoughtful addition to your casual wear wardrobe. You can team this top with jeans or chinos to look stylish and feel comfortable.&nbsp,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA32WZVINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876769.html,Guess,Look unbeatably stylish and unique by wearing this blue coloured tube top from GUESS. Made from cotton this peplum top features catchy print and shiny details that will make you the centre of a gathering that you attend. You can team this top with skinny fit bottoms or pencil skirt to look stunning effortlessly.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA30WZXINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Grey-Top-876771.html,Guess,Flaunt your terrific fashion sense by wearing this grey coloured top for women from GUESS. This regular-fitcotton top will provide you with unmatchable comfort. Featuring a unique print this cold shoulder top will turnyou intoa trendsetter in no time. Wear it with a pair of black coloured jeggings and heels to get a complete chic look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,GU064WA28WZZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876773.html,Guess,The diva in you will not be able to resist getting this sexy black coloured top from GUESS. This stylishly printed top will catch your interest within a second. You dont need to worry about the comfort as you will feel completely at ease wearing it owing to its cotton material. Club it with a pair of black jeans and belly shoes to fetch a glamourous look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA26XABINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876775.html,Guess,For a hot party look you will need this black coloured topby GUESS. This full-sleeved body-hugging top is made from cotton and so will be extremely comfortable to wear. Team it with a smart looking straight-fit skirt and a pair of stilettos to complete your funky ensemble.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA24XADINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Grey-Top-876779.html,Guess,No top can be as trendy as this creation from GUESS. The oh-so-feminine design and sequin work on the front are the features that make this grey coloured top glamorous and a fashionable pick. The cotton fabric further makes this regular-fit top soft to touch and comfortable to wear.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,GU064WA20XAHINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876781.html,Guess,Flaunt your well-toned torso by wearing this black tank top from the latest collection of GUESS. Simple and classy in design this regular-fit tank top will surely earn you all positive reviews from fashion lovers. Team it with a pair of ripped jeans to stand out from the crowd.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA18XAJINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876783.html,Guess,Put your best casual look forward by wearing this blue top from the latest collection of GUESS. Simple and classy in design it exhibits striking detailing on the shoulders for a more feminine effect. Made of polyester this regular-fit top also ensures maximum breathability and comfort.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA16XALINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876785.html,Guess,Printed and black this top from GUESS will suit the taste of many fashion-conscious women. While the prints made over it will ensure that you dont go unnoticed its cotton material will provide you with utmost comfort. Wear it with slim-fit beige coloured trousers along with a pair of smart heels to complete your elegant look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA14XANINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876787.html,Guess,GUESS presents this black coloured top which will get you noticed for all the right reasons. Made of cotton this top is quite comfortable to wear and long-lasting too. Featuring regular fit this top will go well with denims and tan coloured wedges.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA12XAPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876789.html,Guess,Look classy and sophisticated by wearing this white coloured top for women from GUESS. Made from cotton this top has full sleeves and spread collar. You can team it up with skirts chinos or jeans and choose accessories accordingly to look stunning every day.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA10XARINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876791.html,Guess,Get this multicoloured top from GUESS to look stylish and fashionable all the time. Made from cotton this printed top is sleeveless and it has round neck. You can team this top with skirts or bottoms of your choice to look superb all the time.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA08XATINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Shirts-876793.html,Guess,Look cool and feel easy by wearing this multicoloured chequered top for women from GUESS. Made from cotton this top has full sleeves and a spread collar. You can team it up with skirts chinos or jeans to look stunning every day.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA06XAVINDFAS,,,,Checked,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876795.html,Guess,<p>Parade your unique style of dressing by wearing this black coloured top for women by GUESS. This regular-fit top features an embroidered lacy back. You will stay utterly comfortable wearing it as it is made from cotton. This top when paired with printed trousers and stilettos will lend you a look that will make you stand apart from the regular crowd.</p>,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA04XAXINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Green-Top-876797.html,Guess,GUESS brings this green coloured top which is designed to highlight your fashionable appearance and set your score high on the fashion metre. The deep neckline and lacy back make this creation an ideal pick when you want to look classy and sensuous at the same time. Made from cotton this regular-fit top is comfortable to wear and skin friendly.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,GU064WA02XAZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,Scoop Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Orange-Top-876799.html,Guess,The diva in you will not be able to resist getting this sexy orange coloured top from GUESS. This stylish top with lacy prints at the back will catch your interest within a second. You dont need to worry about the comfort as you will feel completely at ease wearing it owing to its cotton material. Club it with a pair of black jeans and belly shoes to fetch a glamourous look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GU064WA00XBBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876801.html,Guess,Look classy and sophisticated by wearing this white coloured top for women from GUESS. Made from cotton this top has half sleeves and a round neck. You can team it up with skirts chinos or jeans to look stunning every day.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA98XBDINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876803.html,Guess,,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA96XBFINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Wine-Top-876805.html,Guess,,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Wine,GU064WA94XBHINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Grey-Top-876807.html,Guess,Upgrade your casual wardrobe by adding something trendy like this grey coloured top for women by GUESS. Featuring a striking print this cotton top will ensure a comfortable and perfect fit. Complement this regular-fit top with jeans and belly shoes for a chic look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,GU064WA92XBJINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Maroon-Top-876809.html,Guess,Enhance your usual dressing style by wearing this maroon coloured top for women from GUESS. Feel relaxed wearing it throughout the day courtesy its cotton make. This printed top will look best on you when you wear it with a pair of slim-fit pants and stilettos.,Crop Tops,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,GU064WA90XBLINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876811.html,Guess,Look glamorous and set hearts aflutter by wearing this white top from GUESS. Featuring an eye-catching print on the front it will surely put you in the limelight. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of denims to stand out from the crowd.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA88XBNINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Brown-Bodycon-Dress-876813.html,Guess,<span line-height,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Brown,GU064WA86XBPINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876815.html,Guess,Flaunt your enviable hourglass figure by slipping into this black dress from the latest collection of GUESS. Exuding the highest degree of sophistication it will surely earn you all positive reviews from fashion lovers. Team this regular-fit cotton dress with a chic neckpiece to look ravishing.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA84XBRINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Green-Bodycon-Dress-876817.html,Guess,Looking for something exclusive to complement your hourglass figure? Look no further! This green dress by GUESS will surely serve the purpose. While the striking pattern takes the classiness of this ruched dress to the next level the fine cotton fabric makes this regular-fit dress sweat resistant and lightweight. Team it with a statement neckpiece and matching sandals to make a cool fashion statement.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,GU064WA82XBTINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Shift-Dress-876819.html,Guess,The interesting print on this multicoloured dress makes it unique and fun to wear. The deep neck at the back further makes this dress from GUESS look casual and trendy. Made from cotton this regular-fit dress is light in weight and a soft treat for your skin.,Shift Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA80XBVINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876821.html,Guess,Breathe life into your seasonal wardrobe wearing this black coloured dressfrom the house of GUESS. Made of premium quality cotton this dressis high on comfort. Team it up with high heels and be the talk of the town.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA78XBXINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Bodycon-Dress-876823.html,Guess,Paparazzi will surely follow you at the upcoming page 3 event when they see you wearing this purple coloured dress by GUESS. Subtle in appeal it will complement your curvaceous body in the most beautiful manner. Team this regular-fit cotton dress with statement jewellery and strappy sandals to earn all positive reviews from fashion critics.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA76XBZINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876825.html,Guess,You will look no less than a fashion goddess when you wear this black top from GUESS. Featuring a striking print on the front it exhibits an interesting pattern at the back for a more feminine effect. Team this regular-fit cotton top with a pair of jeans to stand out in the crowd.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA74XCBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876827.html,Guess,Look flirty and glamorous by slipping into this blue top from the latest collection of GUESS. While the eye-catching print lends more vibrancy to this masterpiece the low cut styling at the back adds a touch of sensuality to this regular-fit top. Made of cotton it also ensures a featherlike feel.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA72XCDINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Green-Top-876829.html,Guess,Make sure that you look stylish everyday without too much efforts put in by wearing this green coloured top from GUESS. Made from cotton this top has full sleeves and round neck. You can team it with jeans or any other bottoms of your choice to look fashion forward every day. &nbsp,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,GU064WA70XCFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Maroon-Top-876831.html,Guess,Show-off your elegant side by getting this maroon coloured top from GUESS. This full-sleeve top features lacy prints on its shoulder which add exquisiteness to its make. Fashioned from cotton this regular-fit top will assure you optimum comfort and ease. Wear it with a printed white skirt and high heels to look classy.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Maroon,GU064WA68XCHINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876833.html,Guess,The diva in you will not be able to resist getting this sexy white coloured top from GUESS. This stylish full-sleeve top with lacy prints on its shoulders will catch your interest within a second. You dont need to worry about the comfort as you will feel completely at ease wearing it owing to its cotton material. Club it with a fitted black skirt and belly shoes to fetch a glamourous look.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA66XCJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Grey-Top-876835.html,Guess,A voguish pick for casual hangouts with friends is this grey top from GUESS. Best worn with dark denims this regular-fit top is pure comfort too courtesy its soft cotton fabric.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,GU064WA64XCLINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876837.html,Guess,Enjoy every hour and minute of being fashionable by wearing this white coloured top from GUESS. This classy top is a versatile garment that can be worn on a casual outing or to work on a Monday. Made from cotton this regular-fit top is light in weight and soft against the skin.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA62XCNINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876839.html,Guess,A hot dress that you wont be able to take your eyes off of is this black coloured one from GUESS. Flaunting a deep round neck this fitted dress has 3/4th sleeves and a catchy lacy print at the back. It is regular in fit and will keep you completely at ease owing to its cotton make. Just team it with a nice pair of ankle length boots to look the hottest among all.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA60XCPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Bodycon-Dress-876841.html,Guess,You will look no less than a fashion goddess when you wear this multicoloured dress by GUESS. Featuring a striking colour scheme and a captivating zigzag pattern it will surely earn you all positive reviews from fashion critics. Team this regular-fit cotton dress with a statement neckpiece and a pair of belly shoes to elevate your feminine charm.,Shift Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA58XCRINDFAS,Cap Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876843.html,Guess,If you love unconventional prints then this stunning dress by GUESS will surely appeal to you. Featuring a fabulous interplay of black and grey hues it will definitely put you in the limelight. Team this regular-fit cotton dress with a statement neckpiece and a pair of belly shoes to accentuate your feminine charm.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA56XCTINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Grey-Bodycon-Dress-876845.html,Guess,A perfect outfit which can be worn on both formal and casual occasions is this grey coloured dress by GUESS. This regular-fit printed dress is made from cotton and so will keep you at ease throughout the day. To attain a chic look just team it with a pair of black coloured wedges and wear a leather jacket over it if it gets chilly.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Grey,GU064WA54XCVINDFAS,3/4th Sleeves,Round Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Beige-Top-876849.html,Guess,Show-off your elegant side by getting this beige coloured top for women from GUESS. This full- sleevedtop features stylish prints all over which add exquisiteness to its make. Fashioned from cotton this regular-fit top will assure you optimum comfort and ease. Wear it with a printed white skirt and high heels to look classy.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,GU064WA50XCZINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Shirt-876851.html,Guess,Look iconic and impress all fashion critics around you by slipping into this black shirt from GUESS. Subtle in appeal it exhibits a striking print all over for a more feminine effect. Tailored in regular fit from breathable cotton fabric it also ensures maximum breathability and comfort.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA48XDBINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Beige-Top-876853.html,Guess,Make sure that you look stylish on everyday basis without too much of efforts put in by wearing this beige coloured top from GUESS. Made from cotton this top has full sleeves and round neck. You can team it with jeans or any other bottoms of your choice to look fashion forward every day.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,GU064WA46XDDINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Shirt-876855.html,Guess,Flaunt your new and pretty look this season by wearing this purple coloured shirt from GUESS. This classy shirt featuring check pattern will go well with blue jeans and matching belly shoes. Made from cotton this regular-fit shirt is light in weight and will ensure comfort all day long.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA44XDFINDFAS,Full Sleeves,Collar,Hip Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876857.html,Guess,Dont hide that fashionista in you! Look hot and flaunt a bit of your well-toned torso by slipping into this black top by GUESS. Featuring a striking pattern on the front and a zip closure at the back this strappy top will earn you all positive reviews from fashion critics. Team this regular-fit cotton top with your favourite short skirt to look glamorous.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA42XDHINDFAS,Sleeveless,,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876859.html,Guess,Pick this black coloured top from GUESS for its amazing multicoloured print and appealing neckline. This top is a perfect option for any casual occasion or to attend a birthday bash. The cotton fabric further makes this regular-fit top a comfortable garment to be worn throughout the year. Club it with a pencil skirt and heels to look absolutely fashionable.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA40XDJINDFAS,Sleeveless,SPAGHETTI NECK,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876861.html,Guess,Enhance your usual dressing style by wearing this white coloured top for women from GUESS. Feel relaxed wearing it throughout the day courtesy its cotton make. This printed top will look best on you when you wear it with a pair of black printed leggings and stilettos.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA38XDLINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Green-Top-876863.html,Guess,Enjoy every hour and minute of being fashionable by wearing this green coloured top from GUESS. This classy top is a versatile garment that can be worn on a casual outing or to work on a Monday. Made from cotton this regular-fit top is light in weight sheer and soft against the skin.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,GU064WA36XDNINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Top-876865.html,Guess,Show-off your elegant side by getting this purple coloured top for women from GUESS. This solid coloured full-sleeved top is lightweight and sheer in make. Fashioned from cotton this regular-fit top will assure you optimum comfort and ease. Wear it with fitted black trousers and high heels to look classy.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA34XDPINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876867.html,Guess,Get a fashionable yet easy look by wearing this white coloured women&rsquo,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA32XDRINDFAS,Sleeveless,Round Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Shift-Dress-876869.html,Guess,Unique and stylish in all aspects this purple coloured shirt dress from GUESS is an exclusive pick for any occasion. This trendy shirt dress features buttons on the front and roll-up sleeves that will surely lend you an ultra-fashionable appearance. Made from polyester this regular-fit dress is skin friendly and a valuable pick for your wardrobe.,Shift Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA30XDTINDFAS,Roll Up Sleeves,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Beige-Top-876873.html,Guess,Look unique and stylish by wearing this beige coloured top from GUESS. Made from cotton this drop shoulder top features black-beige stripes on front. It has high-low hem that makes this top perfect to be teamed with shorts or jeans of your choice.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Beige,GU064WA26XDXINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876875.html,Guess,,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA24XDZINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Top-876877.html,Guess,Casual outfits never seem enough so get this purple coloured top from GUESS to fill up your wardrobe. This printed top made from cotton will fall very gently on you ensuring a comfortable day throughout. To make your appearance trendier just wear this top with a pair of blue jeans and wedges.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA22XEBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Top-876879.html,Guess,Perfect your weekend style this season wearing this trendy black top from GUESS. Best worked with denims this printed cotton top promises uber comfort too. It comes in regular fit.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA20XEDINDFAS,Sleeveless,Cowl Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Top-876881.html,Guess,Casual outfits never seem enough so get this purple coloured top from GUESS to fill up your wardrobe. This sparkly top made from cotton will fall gently on your body ensuring a comfortable day throughout. To make your appearance trendier just wear this top with apair of blue jeans and wedges.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA18XEFINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876883.html,Guess,If you are looking for a stylish dress for the next party then this black coloured dress from GUESS will certainly put an end to your search. Fashioned from cotton this regular-fit dress will keep you at ease throughout. Featuring shimmer detailing this dress will look best when teamed with matching pumps and danglers.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA16XEHINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Knee Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Off-White-Bodycon-Dress-876885.html,Guess,GUESS presents this off-white coloured dress which will add a lot of charm to your femininity. Made of cotton this dress will keep you comfortable and sweat free. Featuring regular fit this printed dress will look perfect when paired with danglers and sky-high heels.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Off White,GU064WA14XEJINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Bodycon-Dress-876887.html,Guess,Become the cutest heart-stealer in the town by slipping into this black dress by GUESS. Featuring a simple design and full sleeves it exhibits a stunning cutout detailing at the back for a more sensual feel. Team this regular-fit cotton dress with a statement neckpiece and a pair of belly shoes to accentuate your feminine charm.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA12XELINDFAS,Full Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Dress-876889.html,Guess,<p>Buy something trendy for yourself like this black coloured dress from GUESS. Featuring a deep neck this full-sleeved cotton tunic will be an ideal choice for you if comfort is what you desire. Also the unique look that you will attain by wearing it with a pair of stockings and attractive heels will be&nbsp,Shift Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA10XENINDFAS,,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Bodycon-Dress-876891.html,Guess,Bored of wearing solid dresses? Put your best casual look forward by slipping into this multicoloured dress by GUESS. While the stunning stripe pattern smartly breaks the monotony of this awesome creation the cotton fabric makes it skin friendly. Team this regular-fit dress with a statement neckpiece and a pair of belly shoes to complete your look for the day.,Bodycon Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA08XEPINDFAS,Half Sleeves,,,Striped,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Top-876893.html,Guess,Casual outfits never seem enough so get this top from GUESS to fill up your wardrobe. This regular-fit top made from cotton will fall gently on your body ensuring a comfortable day throughout. To make your appearance trendier just wear this top with apair of blue jeans and wedges.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA06XERINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Orange-Top-876895.html,Guess,Get this multicoloured colour block top from GUESS to keep pace with the latest fashion trends. Made from cotton this trendy top is a mix of some brilliantly clubbed colours that complement each other. You can style this top totally as per your wish to get a one-of-a-kind look.&nbsp,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Orange,GU064WA04XETINDFAS,Sleeveless,V Neck,Waist Length,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Purple-Top-876897.html,Guess,Join the league of celebrities by wearing this top from the latest collection of GUESS. Adorned with an eye-catching print all over it will surely make you the cynosure of all eyes. Team this regular-fit cotton top with your favourite jeans to earn all positive reviews from fashion lovers.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Purple,GU064WA02XEVINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-White-Top-876899.html,Guess,Enhance your usual dressing style by wearing this white coloured top for women from GUESS. Feel relaxed wearing it throughout the day courtesy its cotton make. This top featuring exotic wing embellishments on its shoulderswill help you jazz up your party look when you team it with a pair of black jeggings and stilettos.,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,White,GU064WA00XEXINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Black-Skater-Dress-876901.html,Guess,You will surely earn all positive reviews from fashion critics when you hit the streets wearing this black dress by GUESS. While the striking cowl neck lends it a feminine feel the lace detailing at the back adds a touch of sensuality to this masterpiece. Team this cotton dress with a statement neckpiece and a pair of matching sandals to stand out from the crowd.,Skater Dresses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Black,GU064WA98XEZINDFAS,Sleeveless,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Green-Top-876903.html,Guess,,Blouses,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Green,GU064WA96XFBINDFAS,Short Sleeves,,,Printed,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Jeans-876909.html,Guess,Look the smartest person around when you wear this pair of blue jeans from GUESS. Exclusively designed for urban women these ripped jeans will surely make you stand out from the crowd. Tailored in regular fit from fine cotton fabric for maximum breathability these jeans will look great when clubbed with a chic top or a T-shirt.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA90XFHINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Pink-Jeans-876911.html,Guess,Nail the style of the season wearing this pink coloured jeans from the house of GUESS. Made of cotton this jeans will let your skin breathe keeping you comfortable all day long. Ensuring an amazing fit these jeans will help you flaunt your curves.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Pink,GU064WA88XFJINDFAS,,,,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Jeans-876913.html,Guess,It will not be difficult to get a look which sets you apart when you put on this pair of multi coloured jeans for women from GUESS. This skinny-fit pair is made from cotton and thus will be extremely comfortably to wear even for a longer time period. You will get your much-needed stylish edge when you team it with a funky white coloured top complemented by junk jewellery.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Multi,GU064WA86XFLINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Blue-Jeans-876915.html,Guess,Look stylish and chic wearing these jeans for women form GUESS. Made from cotton these skinny fit jeans are ankle length. You can team these jeans with tops or T-shirts of your choice to complete your casual look.,,Cotton,GENTLE WASH,Regular,Blue,GU064WA84XFNINDFAS,,,Full Length,Solid,,,,,
http://www.jabong.com/Guess-Multi-Top-876917.html,Guess,<p>Let all the eyes follow you when you wear this multicoloured shirt from GUESS with jeans and boots. Classy and attractive this printed shirt will certainly redefine your casual appearance this season. Made from cotton this shirt tailored in regular fit is comfortable to wear all day long.</p>
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
